These brave sons of ours kept night and day together so that the countrymen could sleep peacefully.
We have a strong and favourable investment policy framework to promote domestic hydrocarbon production.
Armed forces all over the world know the importance of supply chains.
The Prime Minister congratulated the medal winners for their exemplary performance in the international arena.
It is rapidly helping agencies and this makes it easier for citizens to get in touch with the relevant authorities.
Sister Nivedita Ji restored the glory of Indian culture.
The Indian side expressed its intention to increase the import of fertilizers from Russia.
Vidya is considered an occasion for worship.
The Prime Minister called for efforts towards water conservation and water management on a war footing.
A few days ago, we all must remember that ISRO had successfully launched 'GSAT-19'.
Whenever there is talk of hockey in the world, the story of hockey will be incomplete without these great players of India.
Several important bills benefiting the youth and backward communities were passed in this session.
This traditional calendar shows how old our relationship with natural and astronomical events is.
In his message, the Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has said; "Greetings on World Environment Day.
New AIIMS are being opened in different states to provide better treatment and healthcare to people across the country.
So a lot of new people must have been trained - to vote.
This is also saving crores of rupees of the large consumer class belonging to the poor and middle class.
The ability of the NDRF to handle the situation with their commitment and quick decisions has become a new center of reverence for every Indian.
Everyone should have dreams for the next Olympics.
He said that this target has been achieved recently in about 17,000 villages.
India and Russia respect the establishment of a multi-polar world order in international relations as part of the natural and inevitable process of development of interstate relations in the 21st century.
In this event, apart from 13 medals, we won 3 more medals in the mix event.
It is estimated that between 1 and 1.5 lakh knee transplants take place in India each year.
I believe we are in a moment of great opportunity in our relationship with Sri Lanka.
The Agreement between the Government of the Republic of India and the Government of the Republic of Armenia on Cooperation and Mutual Assistance in Customs Matters shall be signed on behalf of the Government of India and that the necessary national legal requirements for the entry into force of this Agreement have been met.
These members also shared their views on the long history of the two countries as well as mutual maritime links.
Saddened by the demise of George Saheb.
Our soldiers also did yoga in Siachen where the temperature is minus 20, 25, 40 degrees.
There is a need to create mapping related to disasters like earthquakes we need to have widely accepted standards and norms.
The salient features of this tunnel are as follows:
The Prime Minister also spoke of the immense tourism potential in the North Eastern Region.
He said that we have to move towards transparent and flexible markets for both oil and gas.
Dear countrymen, 1st February 2017 marks the completion of 40 years of the Indian Coast Guard.
He said the Muslim community would not allow any conspiracy against India to succeed.
The Prime Minister appreciated the progress made in bilateral cooperation in the field of defence technology.
My thoughts are with his entire family, friends and supporters at this sad hour.
As I speak to you today, the holy month of Ramadan has begun.
They will provide certificates to the beneficiaries of various schemes.
This is the session when the country has got an opportunity to elect a new President and a new Vice President.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today inaugurated the state-of-the-art super-specialty Rasilaben Sevantilal Shah Venus Hospital in Surat.
He said that "High Speed Corridors" will emerge as an area of growth with rapid pace in the future.
The 1.25 billion citizens of India will welcome with new resolutions, new enthusiasm, new zeal, new dreams.
And for this, you people will also have to take strict steps.
In June 2015, I had the opportunity to welcome you in India.
On behalf of the people and farmers of Gujarat and Maharashtra, who benefit from the Narmada River, the Prime Minister thanked the people and the government of Madhya Pradesh for the Narmada Seva Yatra.
The Prime Minister said that the Union Government will do whatever it can to provide adequate water to farmers.
India invites them to provide economic opportunities to the world in our country.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has condoled the passing away of K. Karunanidhi.
He said that as a society, it is imperative to stay connected with our history.
There is a huge need for roads, railways and waterways.
Every moment we get to learn something from saints, sages, sages, great men.
Brothers and sisters, In this year's budget, a big decision has been taken to give farmers a fair price for their crops.
He always inspired 125 crore countrymen to achieve this goal.
Efficiency in the use of energy is essential.
This month, Vedangi Kulkarni, a 20-year-old daughter from Pune, became the fastest Asian to cycle around the world.
My dear countrymen, Ganeshotsav is coming up in a few days.
Don't you think that the movement of honesty needs to be given more strength for the good of the country?
One has to go out of the house for the first time, out of the village, out of a protective environment and become one's own charioteer.
They have unique powers and insights.
In the 'Swachhata Hi Seva' movement, we can see how much the electronic media of our country, the print media of our country can serve the country.
May you all benefit from the benefits of yoga.
59. Both sides committed to further strengthen nuclear non-proliferation at the global level.
The Prime Minister said that if the impure environment is not cleaned, it promotes a situation where one begins to accept the circumstances.
Write down some facts about the people's life there, not just about the buildings, not just about the natural beauty.
He reiterated the Union Government's commitment to provide universal coverage of seven flagship schemes to 45,000 additional villages in 115 Aspirational Districts by 15 August 2018.
• If the law is doing its job, then we have to work unitedly towards those who are looking for a way out by talking about political conspiracy.
My dear brothers and sisters, just yesterday, our countrymen celebrated 'Infantry Day'.
The MoU was signed in April 2017.
The poison of casteism, the poison of sectarianism, can never do good to the country.
The Prime Minister appreciated how poor women have fought all odds with confidence and fortitude.
The National War Memorial near India Gate in New Delhi is a fitting tribute to our jawans who laid down their lives to protect the country after independence.
We have used technology to reach out to people.
After the 2004 Indian Ocean tsunami, the five worst-hit countries enacted new disaster risk reduction management laws.
There is no dearth of talent in the country.
This has been possible due to the close cooperation between the central government and the state governments as well as all the political parties.
He started practicing in the Gauhati High Court on constitutional, taxation and company matters.
The Prime Minister said, "Gujaratis celebrate the beginning of the new year on the day after Diwali.
The central government has recognised great national leaders including Sardar Patel, Babasaheb Ambedkar and Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose.
The tenth Guru of the Sikhs - Guru Gobind Singh has been a source of inspiration for the people through his teachings and ideals.
The Prime Minister told the board members of USISPF that India and the US have benefited greatly from economic cooperation.
The Prime Minister said that these steps have greatly benefited not only the poor but also the middle class.
From a foreign investor's point of view, India is considered an extremely low-risk political economy.
The exam you are going to take is an examination of what you have studied throughout the year.
I heartily congratulate the school people of Chandrapur, these young friends of mine.
The alliance of Made in India and Made by Japan has already started working brilliantly.
In his message, the Prime Minister said, "We are proud of Kidambi Srikanth's victory at the Australian Open.
Maybe, these words of mine today will also work as a relaxation for you.
These experiences will enrich your life.
The MoU covers the following areas of cooperation:
Unveiling the expansion of the health care system in Bihar, he said, "It is a historic day for Bihar in terms of health infrastructure development.
Public Ganesh Utsav had become an effective medium of carrying forward the traditional reverence and celebration as well as the spirit of social-awakening, collectivity, harmony and equality among the people.
You are the leader of a great nation.
To those who are exploring possibilities in India, I promise that we are committed to further fine-tuning our policies and procedures to promote Make in India.
13. To inform and inform citizens on hygiene and food safety and healthy food habits.
In the same period, 11,641 additional habitations have been connected by roads.
Solar photovoltaic energy has become economical compared to all other energy sources.
He also mentioned that sports also help in personality development, confidence building and overall development.
197 million bank accounts were opened in a year.
In fact, the incident was not only underestimated but was also an attempt to hurt our self-esteem.
Friends, The poor and middle-class consumers have also benefited financially by curbing inflation.
After hockey, there was good news for India in badminton as well.
He called upon the children to study hard and develop interest in sports at the same time.
In a message, the Prime Minister said; "Saddened by the demise of Ustad Hussain Sayeeduddin Dagar.
The Special Notified Zone at Bharat Diamond Bourse has come into existence with effect from November, 2015.
Citing the example of dairy cooperatives, he said that the cooperative movement has the potential to solve people's problems.
New Tamil Nadu is not possible without New India.
Honey is a gift from nature to humans.
Chief Ministers and senior officials of these states were also present in the meetings.
The Administrative Council reviews the work done during the past year and deliberates on future development priorities.
We noted that President Temer's priority includes reviving the domestic economic agenda in Brazil.
Ekta has won Gold and Bronze medals at the World Para Athletics Grand Prix 2018 in Tunisia.
Now this is the great strength of our tourism.
This has liberated rural women from the tragedy of toxic fumes.
All responsible persons associated with the subject in the government have been asked to focus on normalising the banking system.
He expressed confidence that Gujarat and its people would emerge stronger and successful from the challenge posed by the floods.
He also said that the government will ensure that adequate agricultural credit is available.
We started the process of full membership at the Tashkent meeting last year.
Even microplastics are now making their way into our basic food like salt, bottled water, and tap water.
The Prime Minister said that the common man can associate himself with Adi Shankaracharya's creation - Soundarya Lahari.
Kochi was selected as a smart city in January 2016 under the first round of the challenge process.
Earlier this year, he was awarded the 'Padma Shri'.
It provides for frameworks and conducive environment for understanding each other's strengths, markets, technology, policies, etc.
In today's chaotic and fast-paced life, yoga brings peace to one's life by connecting the mind, body, and intellect.
Just two days ago, I wrote a letter to all the governments and leaders of the world regarding Yoga Day.
In a few days, we will celebrate the first International Tsunami Awareness Day.
But this is my first time coming to DefExpo.
This can only happen if long-term investments are made in the business to create job opportunities and sustainable economic growth.
This is the true spirit of women empowerment across the country.
Programmes like GST and stringent action on corruption have helped people do business honestly.
Further, as per the new law, any application challenging the judgment will be disposed of by the court within a year.
Bilateral relations between India and Russia are driven by a broad understanding of issues of mutual interest.
She rendered her services to thousands of mothers and sisters in Karnataka, especially in the inaccessible areas there.
"A warm welcome and best wishes to all the teams participating in the FIFA U-17 World Cup," the Prime Minister said.
He assisted in the publication and dissemination of Basu's research through his articles and conferences.
Uttarakhand and Haryana were also declared ODF this week.
He said the Pradhan Mantri Krishi Sinchayee Yojana envisages water for every farm.
We are a young country.
He hailed the Prime Minister as a great leader and a "world leader."
Every athlete who represented India at the Commonwealth Games-2018 inspires us.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has greeted the air warriors and their families, on Air Force Day.
It contributes to our energy security.
This will be the fourth annual summit between Prime Minister Modi and Prime Minister Abe.
The Prime Minister stressed that no country can progress without giving importance and attention to its history and heritage.
Giving a befitting reply to those who mocked the Prime Minister's Swachhta Abhiyan announcement from the Red Fort, he said that today due to the elaboration of the Swachhta Abhiyan, 97 per cent of the population now has access to clean toilets.
The Prime Minister said that the Kashi Vishwanath temple has maintained its existence despite suffering injustice for many centuries.
The daughters here, today, are sewing from ordinary to fine clothes in addition to their own and their family's clothes.
New laws have been made, old laws have been made more stringent.
Both sides agreed to convene the INSTC Ministerial and Coordination meeting on a priority basis.
He acknowledged that this was the single greatest threat to peace, stability and progress in the region.
At the same time, there is excitement that joint talks are to be held with India-Indonesia CEOs.
• The cow is considered to be the mother in our country.
Today, our fishermen take small boats to the sea.
The first requirement for a healthy life is cleanliness.
In the year 2001, Atal ji changed the time of presenting the budget from 5 pm to 11 am.
But the situation in most of the houses is that the umpires are more disturbed than the players.
The total sales of Khadi and handicrafts have also seen an increase of about 90% this year from the previous year.
Addressing the gathering, the Prime Minister said that work is going on at a fast pace to ensure that every homeless person has a house by 2022.
The Prime Minister welcomed the leaders of the BRICS and BIMSTEC families ahead of the summit.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will inaugurate a section of the new Magenta Line of the Delhi Metro on 25 December.
My dear countrymen, after the Diwali holidays, with a new resolve, with a new determination, all of you must have come together once again in your daily life.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that it is really important that there is a long interaction between the senior-most and the junior-most officers.
India has managed to improve its rating after a long wait.
The results are already visible.
India, along with its other partner countries and stakeholders in the region, will build an alliance or hub to boost disaster resilience infrastructure.
The Jan Dhan Yojana has connected crores of people to the banking system.
The government has launched a series of transformational initiatives.
The two leaders also discussed the importance of enhancing connectivity.
Several Union Ministers and other dignitaries were present on the occasion.
He said that our youth can never be deceived.
He said this would be a tribute to Mahatma Gandhi on his 150th birth anniversary in 2019.
I would once again urge you to take the campaign of Khadi further and increase it.
The beautiful landscape of Cyprus and the wide horizon of 'Incredible India' can be a source of tourism promotion between the two countries.
Mrs. Kim, First Lady of the Republic of Korea, congratulated the Prime Minister on being awarded the Seoul Peace Prize.
"Saddened by the loss of lives due to landslides in Bangladesh.
Shri Vijay Rupani, Chief Minister of Gujarat;
The Prime Minister said that postmen have long been a respected and accepted figure in villages.
India has shown tremendous resilience at a time when the global economy is in a period of uncertainty.
The Prime Minister said, "Today, Jan-Dhan Yojana completes three years.
This will promote and propagate the traditional medicines of India in Colombia.
Even the most ordinary citizen, when he comes to this earth, has a different kind of, a divine feeling.
Skill India aims to ensure that newcomers to the workforce have the necessary skills so that they can contribute to the 21st century economy.
Thereafter, he witnessed an audio-visual presentation of the experiences picked up by the selected beneficiaries of the welfare schemes of the Government of India and Rajasthan.
Millions of people also take a dip in the holy rivers on Makar Sankranti.
Stable, predictable, and transparent laws and regulations are redefining the nature of doing business in India.
Brothers and sisters, Similarly, some farmers of the hilly region of Uttarakhand have become a source of inspiration for farmers across the country.
Recently, I had the opportunity to go to a very dear event.
I hope this will help us move forward.
We are very pleased to have this opportunity to enhance our engagement with the Bank and its members.
The Prime Minister said that this honour is the honour of the people of India.
Addressing a public meeting, the Prime Minister congratulated all those working for the memorial.
Congratulations Tejaswini Sawant on winning the Gold Medal in the Women's 50m Rifle 3 Positions event.
Thousands of children made paintings.
This was the ninth interaction of the Prime Minister in a series of interactions with beneficiaries of various government schemes through video conference.
India has been home to many ascetics who served and reformed society.
Similarly, nowadays, you see that discussions are going on about holding simultaneous central and state elections in the country.
He asked the officials to prepare an action plan during the Revenue Gyan Sangam to reduce the delay in these cases.
He said that Ardha Kumbh will showcase how "New India" encompasses both heritage and modernity.
We are also working tirelessly with mutual cooperation to mainstream solar energy as an international solar alliance.
The review meeting lasted for about two hours and was attended by top officials from infrastructure-related ministries, NITI Aayog and the Prime Minister's Office.
Now electricity has reached every village of our country.
It is the first event of its kind in South Asia.
17. It is proposed to expand vaccination to all states.
10 days ago, Mother India lost her brave sons.
He reiterated Shri Inamdar's mantra of "Without Sanskar, No Sahakar."
The Prime Minister said that spiritual institutions in India have been centres of spread of social reform.
26. The Russian side invited the Indian side to invest in the Russian Far East.
We are also partners in South Africa's skill development efforts.
The game was played in almost every state.
The two leaders also agreed to pursue bilateral trade and investment in a balanced and sustainable manner, taking advantage of the beneficial arrangements existing between the two countries.
It was conceived by Prime Minister Abe and I when we visited Varanasi together in 2015.
He said that the deep and mutually beneficial relationship between India and Malaysia is based on shared values, interests and strong vibrant people-to-people contacts.
He underlined that the project was approved in January 2015 and is now available for use.
It is painful to see people affected by a disaster.
The thinking of the government will also be discussed and I think a very good debate will also take place in the session.
Consumers are also being made aware through the Jago-Grahak Jago campaign.
I look forward to my meeting with the politicians and friends of Nepal.
He said that the effort to transform the tourism sector is a continuous effort.
The new Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code will make it easier for investors to exit their businesses.
He also interacted with some of the researchers and beneficiaries.
More than 33 lakh women farmers have been trained through the Mahila Kisan Sashaktikaran Project.
BIMSTEC is a natural platform for regional cooperation.
The Prime Minister quoted author Ramvriksh Benipuri and poet Sohanlal Dwivedi to express the mood at that time.
He went to different countries of the world and raised his voice against the misinformation being spread about Sanatan Dharma and philosophy.
He complimented the Ministry of AYUSH for establishing the All India Institute of Ayurveda.
My heartfelt condolences to the families of the deceased.
He had the power and intelligence to show the British rulers the mirror of their mistakes.
Regional and international cooperation will be helpful in furthering such actions.
We exchanged views on important global and regional issues of mutual concern.
It may be revoked by one party after six months' written notice to the other party.
He was a source of inspiration for activists like me.
He said that the nation will never forget the sacrifices of the freedom fighters.
• Insurance companies have been advised to settle claims of Ockhi cyclone victims expeditiously.
He said the award is being given at a time when the country is celebrating the 150th birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi.
According to the Bank of International Settlements, India is the least vulnerable to the banking crisis among major economies.
President Ghani expressed his condolences to the families of the martyred soldiers.
Speaking on the occasion, he congratulated the countrymen and said that the bullet train project will provide speed and development and will yield results soon.
Our beloved leader, the former Prime Minister of our country, Shri Atal Bihari Vajpayee ji, had clearly said that human rights are not an alien concept to us.
His life was dedicated to ending suffering and removing injustice from society.
This is another area that can become a link to further connect our societies.
A 'New India' is emerging.
In this context, the Prime Minister drew attention to the International Solar Alliance and said that India and France are working together in this direction.
He said that Krishi Vigyan Kendras will also play an important role in this direction.
The gems and jewellery sector employs 46 lakh people.
He said that Mahatma Gandhi's vision was not limited to his treatment but he also wanted to bring him into the mainstream of our society.
This year also, let us try to organize 'Run for Unity' in our village, town, city, metropolis.
If we practice asanas and pranayama regularly, we can maintain good health as well as protect ourselves from many diseases.
The capacity of the National Consumer Helpline has been increased 4 times.
The project is significant in the sense that it will provide water supply to the drought-hit Bundelkhand region.
The Paika Rebellion was waged in Odisha against the British Raj in 1817.
7. Any other area of cooperation on the basis of mutual decision.
During the BRICS Summit in South Africa last year, I experienced his gracious hospitality.
He described tourism as an ancient concept and a spiritual tradition in India.
This is especially imperative to ensure freedom, peace and justice for the oppressed, the oppressed and the marginalised.
Both sides agreed to strengthen cultural and humanitarian ties within the SCO.
He appreciated the security equipment being used in the security of the country.
Do your best today.
My young friends, you are well aware that I keep on 'Mann Ki Baat'.
The Prime Minister reiterated that India is a strong advocate of a multilateral trading system.
It is considered to be the best global event in the world.
The law and order situation is being closely monitored.
At the same time, a scheme was launched to unearth black money.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, on Thursday evening reviewed the progress of the Namami Gange programme.
The MGNREGA budget also comes in handy for this water conservation.
The MoU was signed on 25th September, 2018.
If children in our family are also interested in sports, they should be given opportunities.
The Prime Minister assured the delegation that the Central Government would look into their demand.
· The President of Indonesia and the Prime Minister of India agreed to hold annual summit meetings, including multilateral events.
Addressing the gathering, the Prime Minister said that innovations have an important role to play in bringing the people of India and Israel closer.
When Rajini expressed his desire to learn boxing from his father, his father encouraged him by putting all possible means into it.
The presence and participation of President Ramaphosa as the Chief Guest on Republic Day yesterday is a symbol of our shared commitment to further strengthen our relations.
He said that Varanasi has a lot of tourism potential and all efforts should be made to keep the city clean.
The Prime Minister said that every effort is being made to ensure a unique experience for the devotees visiting Ardh Kumbh.
The efforts of the UN to establish peace in the world, its positive role is remembered by everyone.
An increase in maternity leave is a welcome provision.
Electricity reached every village of the country.
The phase to be inaugurated today will operate from Aluva to Palarivattom.
A high-level Russian delegation will visit India to promote Indian investment in the Far East and to organise an investment road-show.
Our past has always been moderately woven inward.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today spoke about the benefits of the PM-SYM scheme.
An enabling alternative dispute resolution ecosystem is a national priority for India.
Maternal, infant and neonatal health;
He exhorted the states to give fresh ideas to the Finance Commission to encourage outcome-based allocations and expenditure reform.
The Prime Minister said that if someone thinks that not going to a place will prolong his chief minister's tenure and going to a place will shorten his tenure, then such a person is not at all entitled to become the chief minister.
The Prime Minister recalled the role played by Indian soldiers in the liberation of Haifa during the First World War.
No new funds have been approved.
We have moved towards a digital platform in fuel retail and payments.
He unveiled a roadmap for the overall development of the tribes during the next five years.
From this land of Mahatma Gandhi and Gautam Buddha, our brave peacekeepers have spread the message of peace and harmony across the world.
We agree to maintain the momentum of our relations in all key areas, including energy and investment.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today attended an event organised by the Press Council of India, on the occasion of National Press Day.
We are the fourth-largest producer of wind power and the fifth-largest producer of solar power.
The Prime Minister appreciated the close mutual cooperation in areas such as investment, urban development, civil aviation, and skill development.
As close neighbours, our relations span many layers.
A Chartered Accountant can start a career in this new field by becoming an Insolvency Practitioner.
He is currently travelling to various parts of India as part of an initiative called 'Vatan Ko Jano'.
The Prime Minister said that the work of building toilets was done like a mission.
The situation is being closely monitored.
The world's largest infrastructure to be ready in the next two decades will be in our region.
The Prime Minister credited Chief Minister Yogi Adityanath for coming to Noida and ending the superstition associated with the city.
It's a good start.
In his message, the Prime Minister said, "I strongly condemn the terrorist attack in Kabul.
That is why so many letters have come about agriculture.
Through Make in India, we are giving a platform to global companies to produce in India and make better use of the huge human resources here.
I once again bow to Sri Guru Gobind Singh Ji.
He said that with better connectivity in the Northeast, the region will also be connected to the economy of Southeast Asia.
In such a situation, the eyes of the world are fixed on India and yoga for a permanent solution to these problems.
He said that for India, there is not only an industrial transformation but also a social transformation.
Your children have benefited from this.
And I know how much an action against black money can do to any political party to eliminate shell companies.
He said that the drastic reduction in piracy in the Indian Ocean is largely due to Indian military might and our international partnership.
In Anand, the Prime Minister will inaugurate modern food processing facilities, including Amul's state-of-the-art chocolate plant.
Who does not know the struggle for the independence of Bangladesh in 1971.
India's economic interests can be better served by the large number of arbitration experts and lawyers available.
This is a new path that the government has opened for you.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its ex-post facto approval to the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and Singapore on cooperation in the field of Urban Planning and Development.
The use of this bridge will significantly improve connectivity between Assam and Arunachal Pradesh and significantly reduce travel time.
Later in 1945, when the freedom struggle gained momentum, he prepared a revised copy of the idea.
He said that Adi Shankaracharya united India through the Vedas and the Upanishads.
Today the whole country is celebrating the festival of Janmashtami along with the festival of independence.
He said that farmers and scientists need to work together to transform agriculture.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved measures to boost the hydropower sector.
This allowed more and more Indians to hoist their national flags.
I congratulate the crores of people, especially the poor, who have benefited from this initiative.
Our understanding and awareness of other traditions and cultures of the country increases when a work like Encyclopedia of Hinduism is made available in different languages.
In their interaction with the Prime Minister, the beneficiaries of the Jan Aushadhi Project expressed happiness at getting quality medicines from the Jan Aushadhi Kendras.
Shri Modi said that Shri Vajpayee is among the finest orators his country has ever produced.
Our goal is to provide every poor and homeless family with a house with toilet, water and electricity facilities by 2022.
Last month, our space scientists set a unique record.
At present, there are 4.5 million self-help groups in rural India with the participation of about 50 million women.
The Prime Minister mentioned his PRAGATI initiative for project monitoring.
My dear countrymen, the festival of Navratri is going on.
Railways will now be able to contribute to the transportation needs of the country in a better way.
The Prime Minister said that the policies and decisions of the Union Government are aimed at increasing the income of farmers.
He said a strong America would be beneficial to the entire world.
Not only me, but the whole of India, and the whole of South Africa, is eager to hear the views of the President.
He urged people to use the BHIM app and adopt cashless transactions.
48. Together, we will build an India that is clean, healthy and fulfils the dream of Swaraj.
The rapid growth of other systems is in the interest of producers.
Non-communicable diseases, including cardiovascular disease and cancer of children;
More than 90 per cent of FDI approvals are being granted through the automatic route.
They can also withstand adverse agro-climatic conditions.
The huge size and growth of the Indian market holds immense potential.
Jan-Dhan Kranti is the historic movement to bring the poor, the oppressed and the underprivileged into the financial mainstream.
He said that just as Sardar Patel ensured political integration of the country, GST will ensure economic integration.
The entire country is saluting the indomitable courage of Meena ji, the wife of Shaheed Prasanna Sahu of Jagatsinghpur, Odisha.
Talking about self-help groups, the Prime Minister said that self-help groups play an important role in economic and social progress for the poor of the society, especially women from rural sections.
The Defence Research and Development Organisation (DRDO) has prepared this memorial in a very short time.
The country is run by peace, goodwill and unity.
Under the Integrated Horticulture Development Campaign, support will be provided to farmers for re-sowing of horticultural crops that have been damaged.
On the arrival of the first inter-country container ship at Varanasi, the Prime Minister said that eastern Uttar Pradesh is now connected to the Bay of Bengal by waterways.
He said the central government has decided that the minimum support price (MSP) for all scheduled crops will be at least 1.5 times the cost.
Road connectivity in rural areas is now 90 per cent.
In this context, he referred to the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code.
Incorporation of Tai Khamti in place of Khampti in serial number 6.
The Prime Minister inaugurated the first phase of River Front Development in Patna.
At a public meeting, the Prime Minister will unveil a plaque to mark the laying of foundation stone of Rail Coach Factory Sonipat.
That's why we're constantly working to improve our investment environment.
In our economies, industry and business can forge attractive partnerships through flagship programmes launched by my government.
My personal contacts with Japanese leaders, government, industry, and people go back almost a decade now.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today inaugurated the Kochi Metro and undertook a brief walk on the new Metro line.
The enthusiasm of these doctors friends who are selflessly engaged in service is truly commendable.
I am confident that a strong India and a strong Japan will also bring stability to Asia and the world.
The Prime Minister said that India can achieve a lot in the game of football.
Shri Modi said that on humanitarian grounds, five solar and one thousand rupee old notes will be accepted for last rites in government hospitals, medicine shops of government hospitals (with doctor's prescription), railway ticket booking windows, government buses, air ticket booking windows, petrol, diesel and gas stations of public sector oil companies, central or state government-approved consumer cooperative stores, state government-approved milk booths, crematoriums and cemeteries.
The Prime Minister talked about topics such as climate protection and smart cities, which were also at the centre of the discussion.
This is the 5th Indian Science Congress to be addressed by Shri Narendra Modi after assuming charge as the Prime Minister, in keeping with the Prime Minister's vision to promote the spirit of science, technology and innovation across the country.
He also recalled the contribution of members of the Indian community to the Kenyan independence movement.
MGNREGA, which is funded by the Government of India for water conservation and water management, has been well received by some.
I went to the Krishi Unnati Mela held in Delhi recently.
He complimented the people of the state for declaring Jammu and Kashmir open defecation free in September 2018.
He also said that fuel burnt due to delays while crossing state borders will now be saved and will also benefit the environment.
Today, we live in an interconnected world.
Our armed forces have always displayed unparalleled courage and valour.
The medal winners called on the Prime Minister at Parliament House.
He described GST as an example of cooperative federalism.
It will thus benefit all regions and sections of the country.
He said that all the villages located on the banks of the river Ganga have become open defecation free.
In the 23rd meeting today, the Prime Minister reviewed the progress towards handling and resolution of consumer-related grievances.
He said that as soon as new laws are made, the old laws should be reviewed and if unnecessary, the old law should be done away with.
He has done a very good job in this moment of crisis.
Independent India has sent a large number of UN peacekeepers all over the world.
Recently, 16-year-old Shivangi Pathak became the youngest Indian woman to conquer Everest from Nepal.
He said that the government is giving a lot of importance to innovation and research.
He said that the award also indicates the priorities of the government.
Now I specifically talk about food processing.
Welcoming the members of the delegation, the Prime Minister said that the greatest strength of democracy is harmony and amity.
My dear countrymen, in 'Mann Ki Baat', All India Radio is also always adding new colours with its imagination.
Uttarakhand has anyway been the main centre of yoga for many decades.
The two countries signed 12 agreements.
Under the "Eat Right India" campaign, Swasth Bharat Yatras are being taken out across the country.
His ideas and ideals have had a profound impact on society.
The Prime Minister said steps such as the Pradhan Mantri Surakshit Matritva Abhiyan and Mission Indradhanush have played an important role in reducing mortality.
The Prime Minister mentioned his visit to the Cellular Jail and the point where Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose had unfurled the tricolour 75 years ago.
The name of the selected bank will be released as a co-brand on the Kochi Metro fare card and app.
Swachh Bharat Abhiyan is an initiative in this direction.
This holy month of Ramzan will definitely help in taking forward this path of peace, unity and goodwill.
We have set a target of ensuring capacity addition of 175 GW of renewable energy by 2022.
In modern times, more than 130,000 Indian soldiers have laid down their lives in the world wars of the last century.
They also exchanged views on their own efforts to contribute to regional and global economic development.
His powerful knock in the semi-finals will always be remembered.
Adds the sum between this scatter.
Different taxes in different states have made goods and services more expensive.
The high-level review meeting was attended by officials from the PMO, NITI Aayog and other ministries.
The Prime Minister conveyed his and the people of India's deepest condolences for the loss of life and property caused by the recent earthquake and tsunami in the Sulawesi region of Indonesia.
He said that the officers present in today's conference have provided the right leadership despite working in an atmosphere of negativity.
Responding to a question on climate change, the Prime Minister reiterated India's timeless values for nature conservation and conservation.
I am particularly grateful to Prime Minister Abe for his encouragement and personal support.
I am visiting the Republic of Korea at the invitation of President Moon Jae-in.
He encouraged them to share unique experiences and write on the subject during the visit.
The Prime Minister appreciated the spirit and hard work of our farmers for their achievements in agriculture since independence.
In the coming year 2019, we are going to celebrate the 550th Light Year of Guru Nanak Dev Ji.
The delegation interacted with the Prime Minister on topics such as women entrepreneurship and women empowerment.
This year World Environment Day seeks to address a very important challenge.
The Prime Minister said the Union Government is working to shift development from "isolation to integration" in all the least-developed parts of the country.
Their goal is to reach 300 million disadvantaged people by 2022.
After the review meeting, the Prime Minister announced a financial assistance of Rs 500 crore for the state.
The Food Safety and Standards Authority of India strives to ensure that food processed in India meets international standards.
Trade and investment relations between us are getting stronger.
He said that we not only have to give up on reaching the ultimate goal as a country but also work together to eliminate the social stigma associated with this disease.
We have taken many decisive steps and created a governance system that will help India realise its potential.
Under PMGSY, 88 per cent of the residential areas are now connected to rural roads.
In the last 20 years, 580,000 people have died due to disasters in the Asia Pacific region.
This shows that international bilateral cooperation is no longer limited to national capitals, but has now expanded to the capitals of our states.
The Prime Minister also unveiled a series of development projects related to the energy, connectivity and health sectors.
When there is such a big event, thousands of players from all over the world are participating in it, can you imagine what the atmosphere will be like?
Manpower is considered to be the very form of God.
The Government of India has also supported the activities of this foundation.
It will be the world's largest government-funded health programme.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today addressed the nation from the ramparts of the Red Fort, on the 71st Independence Day.
There they will unveil a plaque to mark the launch of certain features for visitors.
In such a positive atmosphere, amidst a series of positive events, today we are celebrating the festival of independence.
In this context, he mentioned the initiatives of the central government that have led to a reduction in the price of medicines and a reduction in the price of stents.
It was Atal ji's unparalleled leadership that laid the foundation for a strong, prosperous and inclusive India of the 21st century.
Temples were usually built on an extensive plot away from the residential area.
The business environment in the country has improved considerably due to a number of administrative reforms.
The Prime Minister stressed the importance of taking pride in our history and our archaeological heritage.
India's per capita income has doubled in the last 10 years.
Addressing a huge crowd in Ahmedabad, Prime Minister Narendra Modi spoke of the high ambition and willpower of a "New India."
In the Joint Statement on Maritime Cooperation, we have outlined our programme of cooperation in this area.
He worked better for Delhi's progress, especially to ensure better infrastructure.
My best wishes to all of you.
The results of these efforts are now showing.
They have sacrificed their lives while serving the country.
Benami properties worth over Rs 800 crore have been seized by the government.
Both sides took stock of the recent investments made by Indian companies in the diamond manufacturing sector in the Russian Far East.
The MoU was signed on 6th January 2017 in New Delhi.
During the meeting, the Prime Minister warmly welcomed President Mirziyoyev and his delegation to Gujarat.
He told the medal winners that their performance has made India proud.
Our mantra is Sabka Saath, Sabka Vikas.
Arbitration proceedings will now be faster, as the Arbitration Act has been amended.
He said that dynamic change is needed to bring about a change in the system.
Therefore, the Indian Ocean occupies a special place in the policies of the government.
The Prime Minister mentioned the expansion of infrastructure related to basic health services, road networks, oil and gas pipelines.
Such efforts create undue difficulties, especially for those in the developed and least developed countries who are at the bottom.
India will emerge as a global leader on the strength of cutting-edge technology and skilled manpower.
He said that PSUs have contributed significantly to nation building and the country's economy since independence.
He congratulated all those associated with the construction of this statue.
Earlier, he condoled the loss of lives due to forest fires in Portugal.
India has become an attractive investment destination due to its low labour costs, large domestic market, and macroeconomic stability.
The Prime Minister said that instead of merely exploiting the resources of nature, one must connect with and follow nature.
Cyprus also reciprocated warmly and amicably.
This interaction programme of the Prime Minister covered more than one crore women representing different groups.
They will not be spared.
He said that the amount equal to the amount contributed by the beneficiary will be contributed by the Central Government.
He said that the Central Government is determined to complete all its campaigns with the help of the people.
The Prime Minister said that this high-speed train will not only reduce the distance between the two cities, but will also bring people living hundreds of kilometers away closer to each other.
During the last two years, in 2014 and 2016, we facilitated the smooth repatriation of over 90,000 Indian nationals from about 54 countries.
He said that this industry is an important part of India's growing reputation in the world.
I look forward to interacting with the Indian community in Portugal during the visit.
The decision should come within six months during the fast track process.
36 industries have been taken out of the ambit of environmental clearance requirement.
I pray for the speedy recovery of the injured.
"We have taken a major step to provide education facilities in higher educational, technical and professional institutions besides providing reservation for the general category poor," the Prime Minister said.
For a healthy and happy humanity, it is our responsibility to further develop the understanding of yoga.
Today, these diseases are known as lifestyle disorders.
The Prime Minister said that the Union Government will provide all possible assistance to the states affected by the cyclone.
The birth anniversary of Lord Mahavira is a day to remember his sacrifice and penance.
Earlier, Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe said that the India-Japan partnership is special, strategic and global.
We are also aware of Japan's tremendous contribution to the development process in other parts of the world, especially in Asia and Africa.
Today, we remember and salute their courage.
We have also announced a new Intellectual Property Rights policy.
Sitting together and accepting the langar aroused a sense of unity and equality among the people.
The team members presented the Prime Minister with a signed bat, a ball and a team jersey bearing the name of the Prime Minister.
The Government of India, in collaboration with 5 state governments, made a successful effort to connect people for a clean Ganga in the past.
The beneficiaries explained how the reduction in the cost of heart stents and knee implants has transformed their lives.
Training for employment and self-employment is being imparted with an aim to meet the aspirations of the youth for a better life.
We have exceptional political and people-to-people ties with every country in the ASEAN region.
A Drishyakala museum has also been built in this Kranti Mandir.
Recently, a scheme has also been launched to provide electricity connection to every household in the country.
Science and Technology
The Prime Minister stressed on ensuring maximum benefits for the poor and downtrodden sections of the society under the scheme.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will inaugurate the birth centenary celebrations of Nanaji Deshmukh tomorrow (October 11, 2017) at IARI, Pusa, New Delhi.
For example, under India's housing programme, a target has been set to build 10 million houses in urban areas.
The single window support cell provides support to foreign investors.
Let us take the positivity forward.
Sister Nivedita also cooperated with the great scientist Jagadish Chandra Basu.
The Prime Minister has appreciated the efforts being made by the state government to deal with this unprecedented crisis.
Even if it is 2 minutes, it also expresses collectiveness, resolve and reverence for the martyrs.
The Prime Minister inaugurated the Integrated Power Development Scheme (IPDS) for Old Kashi and the Atal Incubation Centre at Banaras Hindu University.
We stand in full solidarity with Portugal in this hour of grief.
The Prime Minister will inaugurate the newly constructed Madan Mohan Malviya Cancer Centre of Banaras Hindu University.
Life goes on that you have got a sense of mission and that is your sense of ambition, is there any synergy happening between your mission and ambition?
I see immense potential for investors that has not yet been tapped.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its ex-post facto approval for the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and Afghanistan on Cooperation in the Peaceful Uses of Outer Space.
This will prove to be extremely important for both the countries considering the shared cultural heritage of both the countries.
Even our ancient texts emphasize the importance of personal hygiene.
This will ensure a thriving energy market for them.
Currently, India is the fastest growing large economy in the world.
Our mutual cooperation and coordination is very strong in many forums like BRICS, G-20, Indian Ocean Rim Association, IBSA, etc.
The Prime Minister will offer prayers in front of the 'Statue of Unity'.
The Prime Minister said the recently announced Ayushman Bharat scheme will transform the health sector.
It will have separate programmes on village development, poor welfare and social justice across India.
He congratulated the people of Kashi for the warm welcome accorded to French President Emmanuel Macron.
He said that only those who respect women can truly take pride in the opening words of Swami Vivekananda's address, "Brothers and Sisters of America."
This will help in better health and maternal care for the weaker sections of the society.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister congratulated the gathering for celebrating Dhanwantari Jayanti as Ayurveda Day.
The Prime Minister conveyed his best wishes to Dr. Mohammed for the progress and prosperity of the people of Malaysia.
Investments through our 'Make in India' initiative have received extensive support from other programmes such as' Digital India 'and' Skill India '.
During the interaction today, the Prime Minister elaborated on India's policies in the area of climate change and environmental sustainability.
Thanks to the immense energy of the youth of our country, we are projecting India as a global manufacturing hub.
To create world-class universities in the field of education, we have taken a major step towards freedom from shackles.
Our slogan is more crops, reflections.
Security and defence cooperation have given an emerging new dimension to our relations.
He said that through the Pradhan Mantri Fasal Bima Yojana, premiums have been reduced, the ceiling on insurance has been removed and the amount of claims disbursed to farmers has been increased.
For this, the scope of legal education in India needs to be expanded.
With the inauguration of these two cancer hospitals, Varanasi will become an important centre for better treatment of cancer-related diseases.
Your Excellency Prime Minister Mark Rutte,
I am excited to lead the Indian delegation to attend our first ever meeting of the Council as a full member.
Shri Narendra Modi mentioned the various projects being undertaken in the power, road and other infrastructure sectors and said that these projects have made tremendous progress and have improved the lives of the people in Varanasi and adjoining areas.
I have been saying this thing that the 21st century is Asia's century.
The Prime Minister said that the conference has now become even more relevant in the context of the country's challenges and responsibilities.
The Prime Minister and the members of the delegation exchanged views on the bilateral partnership and other issues of mutual interest.
We are also happy to share with you India's holistic healthcare traditions such as Yoga and Ayurveda.
It was a constant act of demeaning our culture and making us feel inferior.
During the last three years, we have worked tirelessly on the ease of doing business front.
I am thankful to Akbar Sahib.
Together, we will build an India where youth and women will have ample opportunities to fulfil their dreams.
Your visit, Excellency, provides us with an important opportunity to take this relationship forward.
Therefore, Make-in-India is stronger than ever for India and for the supply of the world.
He told the students that they should think of innovative solutions to the problems faced by the people.
Rather, it should strive to achieve the real goal of bringing about social and economic change.
14. Other areas of cooperation as mutually decided.
My best wishes to the countrymen on the auspicious festival of Basant Panchami.
Despite rising crude oil prices, inflation remains within the prescribed range.
The Prime Minister will inaugurate the Hollong Modular Gas Processing Plant in Tinsukia, Assam.
Our trees and forests have grown by one per cent in the last 2 years.
I bow to all those heroes with all my heart and respect.
Sadly, for too long, we simply referred to the events of 1857 as the Mutiny or the Sepoy Mutiny.
It is due to these efforts that we have been able to increase our ranking from 142 to 77 in the Ease of Doing Business.
Lokmanya Tilak was full of courage and confidence.
The Prime Minister will lay the foundation stone of the Sulwade Jamphal Kanoli Lift Irrigation Scheme.
For this, I thank Kidanren, JETRO and other organisations for helping us in this process.
And so the biggest drug for memory recall, if any, is relaxation.
More than 16,000 km of gas pipeline has been constructed and an additional 11,000 km is under construction.
With the inauguration of the Statue of Unity, India has given itself a huge inspiration for the future today.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today addressed the Y4D New India Conclave in New Delhi.
The Prime Minister interacted with people in Kavaratti and Kanyakumari.
Praising the Bohra community, the Prime Minister said that it was a privilege for him to be associated with the community.
In Dwarka, he will lay the foundation stone of a bridge and other road projects between Okha and Bait Dwarka.
Training and management for the administration of health services and hospitals;
On this occasion, I thank all the officers and men of the Coast Guard for their service to the nation.
The alliance has set a target of achieving 1000 GW of solar power capacity by 2030 through an investment of US $1 trillion.
Cash withdrawals from ATMs and banks have also been capped for a short period of time.
President Xi and I will exchange views on a range of issues of bilateral and global importance.
I was reading an old interview of Sam Manekshaw, a great military officer of India.
The exhibition showcases more than a hundred good practices and imitations.
I also look forward to visiting Janakpur and Muktinath in addition to Kathmandu.
The remaining land will be managed as per the guidelines of the Department of Investment and Public Asset Management (DIPAM) and Department of Public Enterprises (DPE).
The independence of the judiciary is a basic feature of the Indian Constitution.
Your contribution is widely valued throughout Sri Lanka and beyond.
She is also doing a skill development course along with it.
Even today, a Japanese township has been announced.
He mentioned several initiatives including the introduction of GST, auction of natural resources, insurance and banking sector reforms, and skill development.
71 countries of the world including India participated in it.
On 31 May, I will visit the India-Singapore Enterprise and Innovation Expo.
Prime Minister Modi and President Xi reviewed the progress in India-China relations from a strategic and long-term perspective.
We have to take people along, people along, every section of the society along, and with that we have to take the country forward.
Singaporean companies have become major partners with India in areas such as urban development, planning, smart cities, and infrastructure development.
And what was a focal point of all these great men?
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has congratulated Rio 2016 Paralympics Gold Medalist Mariyappan Thangavelu and Bronze Medalist Varun Singh Bhati.
He said that despite being knocked down by modern technologies, the trust in the postman still remains.
Today, ministers from many African countries are present among us.
But it is good that the rainy season is moving ahead in its footsteps on time.
We are bringing our importance to the world today through the 'Tejas' aircraft.
In his message, the Prime Minister said, "Saddened by the loss of lives and destruction caused by the tsunami following the eruption of a volcano in Indonesia.
Cars manufactured in India by Japanese carmakers are already on sale in Japan.
A memorandum was sent on behalf of the Chief Minister of Mizoram, who could not attend the meeting in person.
I appealed to people to give each other a book instead of a bouquet of good wishes.
His slogan of 'Jai Jawan Jai Kisan' is the hallmark of this towering personality of his.
There are more than 8 lakh doctors.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that all the projects inaugurated or for which foundation stones have been laid today have a total value of more than 14 thousand crore rupees.
India can be a better partner in this regard.
There were even attempts to erode the confidence of Indians in them.
The agreement will support revenue collection claims made by both countries.
And I hope that Tamil Nadu will also not lag behind any other state in this race, and will keep pushing and moving forward.
Today is August 9.
I will also address a public meeting.
He praised the spirit of the people of Nicobar Islands and their hard work in building the archipelago after the tsunami.
Today, hundreds of poor patients are benefiting from this camp every month.
Later, the Prime Minister inaugurated the Patanjali Research Institute in Haridwar district.
The Prime Minister will interact with various stakeholders associated with the mission.
"I bow to Guru Ravidass Ji on the special occasion of Guru Ravidass Jayanti.
Our present encourages us to work together.
If you put knowledge at the center, you try to incorporate a lot of things into yourself.
Our discussions covered all aspects of the bilateral relationship.
The Prime Minister said that technology is beneficial only if it benefits the common man.
Through radio, in a way, I meet crores of families every month.
Our partnership will extend to combating terrorism, organised crime, drugs and human trafficking.
This will deliver clean fuels (PNG) to homes, industries, and commercial units.
It is expected that the #Sandesh2Soldiers campaign will enhance communication between the people and the armed forces.
My participation in the Summit reflects India's high priority for its neighbours and resolve to continue to deepen our relations with our neighbours in South-East Asia.
AIIB's investments in sustainable infrastructure can be expected to make a positive difference to the lives of billions of people.
The Prime Minister will reach Port Blair on the evening of 29 December.
Secondly, a series of Jan Aushadhi Kendras were started all over the country.
People have also started giving each other Khadi items as gifts.
Sports are still considered a waste of time in society.
He had invested his entire life's earnings just by relying on one of your signs.
India is now one of the most preferred countries for investment in the region.
I once again extend my best wishes to everyone.
Somewhere there is a story of an innovation regarding cleanliness or news of a change brought about by an officer's passion.
His greatest contribution to the freedom struggle was that he made it a mass movement.
Prime Minister Modi said that several schemes have been implemented to provide social security to workers in the unorganized sector during old age such as Ayushman Bharat for health coverage, Pradhan Mantri Jeevan Jyoti Bima Yojana for life insurance and Pradhan Mantri Suraksha Bima Yojana for physical disability.
It contains the original verses of the Bhagavad-gita, including the Tika.
Countries that leave behind their heritage also lose their identity.
I am pleased with the large participation of energy ministers, heads of international organizations and CEOs from oil producing and consuming countries.
The Prime Minister said that his government is committed to completing all projects in a time-bound manner.
His death was saddening.
If we remain vigilant, we will be able to protect our children from returning to those paths of violence and tyranny.
These amendments will enable our arbitration process to align with world best practices.
As of August 2017, Indian troops have served in about 50 of the UN's 71 worldwide peacekeeping operations.
It will facilitate effective institutional interactions between India and Thailand.
Our thoughts and prayers are with the victims and their families.
During the last three years, everyone has made efforts in their own way towards water conservation and water management.
She was a woman who could lead a comfortable life but remained engaged in the service of the poor.
Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel took over the reins of unifying India.
This work gives a new confidence.
The Prime Minister invited Kazakhstan for membership of the International Energy Group.
I once again wish you all a very happy Ram Navami.
He said that the launch of IPPB today is another important step towards achieving this objective.
The Prime Minister said that both IQ (Intellectual Skills) and EQ (Emotional Skills) are of great importance in student life.
India's biggest tax reform i.e. GST has been implemented recently.
It is inspired by the teachings of truth of Gautama Buddha and Mahatma Gandhi.
We have taken steps like issuing electronic visas to promote tourism.
I want to tell you all about its extremely positive results.
In search of peace from the stresses of modern life, people often start consuming drugs such as tobacco, alcohol, and even drugs.
Through Jan-Dhan Yojana, social security schemes, Mudra and Stand-Up India, we have given wings to millions of aspirations.
My best wishes to all the students appearing for the examination, their parents and all the teachers.
He said that in the same context, India has to make its place in the world.
During the last two-and-a-half years, over Rs 1.25 lakh crore of black money was brought into the open.
He attached the highest importance to education and social reform.
He said that the recommendations of these sub-groups have been incorporated by various Central Government Ministries.
This is the fourth such event in a series of interactions by the Prime Minister through video bridge with beneficiaries of various government schemes.
May the blessings of the great Himalayas be with you.
The Prime Minister also said that Bhuj, like other metros of Gujarat, will have a modern bus port.
Swiss Bank has reported that deposits by Indians have reached an all-time low.
He also said that this will instill confidence among the common people which is the key to a 'New India'.
Preparation for Security Dialogue to develop a comprehensive action plan on security cooperation.
A large number of private companies are also connecting with the portal.
In that interview, Field Marshal Manekshaw was recalling the time when he was a colonel.
His spirit of dealing with natural calamities from storms, tornadoes, floods to forest fires and helping the countrymen has been amazing.
We have done good work in the field of wildlife conservation.
I strongly condemn the violence and pray for everyone to maintain peace.
Dr. Haier was accompanied by senior officials of the bank.
My thoughts are with his family and well-wishers in this hour of grief.
He popularised India's musical traditions globally.
"We are constantly trying to simplify processes for small businesses.
Therefore, I am surprised to learn that no Indian Prime Minister has made a bilateral visit to Portugal so far.
Today, 11 August is associated with an important date for history.
He said that the commitment of India and Bangladesh against cruelty and terrorism will continue to inspire future generations through Bangladesh Bhawan.
As a society, as a country, 30th January, 11 o'clock 2 minutes tribute, it should become instinctive.
There are several important features of this metro project.
These are the kinds of opportunities that are waiting to be tapped.
The Prime Minister also visited the museum and exhibition, and the visitors' gallery.
The Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank (AIIB) started its funding-related operations in January 2016.
He appreciated the officers who have been instrumental in this change.
In 1947, the Ceylon Estate Workers Education Trust (CEWET) was established to encourage students to continue their studies.
Consequences of convening the budget session
He said that the efforts of the Indian diaspora have ensured respect for Indian passports everywhere.
Under this scheme, more than 10 crore families will be provided health insurance of 5 lakh per family every year.
The European Investment Bank has contributed one billion euros to India for environmentally sustainable projects, including the Lucknow Metro.
The Prime Minister appreciated the efforts of the state government, and all other agencies involved in dealing with the flood situation so far.
My dear countrymen, 'Mann Ki Baat' has been appreciated and criticized.
He urged the members to raise awareness among the communities regarding their rights.
We both agree that all countries need to take urgent action against nations that create, support, harbour, and allow these factories of terror to persist in our region.
The same game is known by different names, in different places.
The government has taken several steps to increase investment.
At the same time, India is a large milk-producing country.
Action against corruption
He informed that these steps are bringing a change in the lives of common people.
He said that the brand of Amul is known all over the world and has become a source of inspiration all over the world.
'Sabka Saath, Sabka Vikas' can be our guiding light for cooperation and actions in South Asia.
Another important aspect of the project is that about a thousand women and 23 transgenders are being selected to work in the Kochi metro rail system.
During the interaction, the Prime Minister urged the awardees to unite the community and make them an integral part of orderly development in schools.
Now the Rath Yatra of Lord Jagannath is celebrated in some parts of the world as well.
I congratulate him for this success.
The 10 questions of the survey are as follows:
The Prime Minister said that now more and more people have access to generic medicines, which has not only reduced the cost of healthcare but has also saved many precious lives.
Addressing a public event to mark 75 years of Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose hoisting the Tricolour on Indian soil, the Prime Minister released a commemorative postage stamp, coin and First Day Cover.
Diversity calls for celebration; not confrontation.
He said that implementing it is a complex task that could be the subject of study for the future.
In Singapore, I will focus on enhancing India-Singapore partnership in the areas of fintech, skill development, urban planning, and artificial intelligence.
The earth is our mother and we are her sons.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has greeted Babu Jagjivan on his birthday.
Creating a business-friendly environment and attracting investments will continue to be my top priority.
The Prime Minister said, "Congratulations to M. Venkaiah Naidu Garu on being elected the Vice President of India.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that the Archaeological Survey of India has done significant work in the last 150 years.
There was praise for India's various economic reform agendas, including the GST.
From Dehradun to Dublin, from Shanghai to Chicago, from Jakarta to Johannesburg, yoga is yoga, yoga is yoga.
The Air Force also gave a befitting reply to the enemy in 1965.
He said that people should get to know about the local history and the archaeology of their cities and regions.
The growing convergence between India and Japan on strategic and economic issues has the potential to provide new impetus to the global economy.
The team is led by captain Mithali Raj.
It is, therefore, an honour for me to welcome a close friend and ardent supporter of India.
He inaugurated the Super Speciality Block of KIMS at Hubli, Income Tax Appellate Tribunal Building at Bengaluru, Women's Hostel for girl students of North Eastern Region at Bangalore University at the press of a button.
This Rudraksha will be a garland of affection from Japan for Varanasi.
The Molecular Oncology Department of the institute was declared a "Centre of Excellence" by the Central Government in 2007.
I wish you success in your endeavours.
The practice of yoga creates a sense of oneness - the unity of mind, body, and intellect.
India is the third-largest economy by purchasing power parity (PPP).
The grid is part of the government's plan to provide affordable and quality gas to the entire northeastern region.
Bilateral cooperation in the food processing sector between India and Japan will mutually benefit the food processing sector of both countries.
Members of the Club de Chef de Chef (CCC), the chefs' club of heads of state from around the world, called on the Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today.
In this context, we have outlined a ten-point agenda for renewing our efforts towards disaster risk reduction, which are as follows:
He said the main focus of the government is preventive healthcare and the main goal is to improve affordability and access to treatment.
The MoU was signed in May 2017 during the visit of the Palestinian Foreign Minister to India.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has welcomed and conveyed his best wishes to all the teams participating in the FIFA U-17 World Cup.
He said that he himself has visited the North Eastern Region more than 25 times in the last four years.
The signing of the Trade Measures Agreement today will further strengthen our trade partnership.
"Every Indian is extremely proud of the successful test firing of Agni-V.
And ultimately there has to be greater international coordination to deal with disasters.
The Prime Minister directed the insurance companies to conduct special camps to assess the losses and pay compensation to the affected families and beneficiaries under social security schemes within a stipulated time.
He said the Tarakot route will provide an alternate route to Mata Vaishno Devi Shrine, which will facilitate pilgrims.
When we know deeply about their courage, valour and valour, we are surprised, proud and inspired.
Areas of youth-based cooperation include the movement of youth, representatives of youth organizations, and government officials in charge of youth-related policymakers from one country to another.
Khadi is emerging as a powerful tool in the lives of the poorest of the poor, hand-looms are transforming the lives of the poorest of the poor and empowering them.
Today I got the opportunity to launch a new Chartered Accountancy course curriculum.
We are with the bereaved families.
The award will be given for exceptional efforts towards furthering national integration.
But if we do not have faith in our strength, in our ability, then no one will accept.
This law will play an effective role in curbing cases of crime against women and girls.
He gave a variety of examples in his reply with a spot counter.
'Pariksha Pe Charcha 'was a special feature of this that there was an open discussion on various topics related to the exam.
He said that a teacher is associated with a lifelong stream of knowledge.
We are the second largest exporter of shrimp in the world.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will visit the Andaman and Nicobar Islands in December.
An exhibition on state-of-the-art or futuristic technologies and space exploration will be held which will present an appropriate vision of the future of space travel.
The Prime Minister said that India has to make the best arrangements in the port sector if it is to make a place for itself in global trade.
In this context, he also discussed his meeting with the High Commissioner of India to Sri Lanka this morning on 17 October 2018.
He said that this event has been organized to honour the women Sarpanches who have contributed immensely to the Swachh Bharat Abhiyan.
I have asked the Ministry of Defence to further expedite the relief and rescue operations in the state.
You see, if everyone in a state says so, I would ask the government to scrutinize it and prepare propaganda literature on what seven common things have come from each state.
We aim to take a giant leap forward in the maritime economy through the Blue Revolution.
Both sides underlined the importance of enhancing cooperation in the aluminium sector.
This figure is also showing the enthusiasm and inclination of the youth of Tamil Nadu towards self-employment.
We understand the need to take urgent measures to prevent the spread of terrorism, extremism and violent extremism.
This reflects India's desire to set global standards.
This is the seventh in a series of interactions of the Prime Minister through video conference with various beneficiaries of government schemes.
Another example of a broader scale is India's renewable energy programme.
This railway line will prove to be Tripura's gateway to South and Southeast Asia.
Now is the time to debate it, to find a way.
The Army has taken a pledge to completely destroy the terrorists and their facilitators.
Let us now join hands much closer and stronger.
The Prime Minister directed efficient and strict monitoring of the construction and quality of rural roads.
The Prime Minister will then reach the 'Wall of Unity' and inaugurate it.
So many young people leave their homes for the first time, to give a new direction to their lives.
Sometimes it also seems that we are not able to look at the exam from a proper perspective.
It gives me special pleasure to welcome His Excellency the Prime Minister of Portugal, the Vice President of Suriname, the Honourable Ministers of Malaysia and Mauritius to this event.
My dear countrymen, in 'Mann Ki Baat', we talk about individuals and institutions who are doing some extraordinary work for the society.
The continent itself has now become a centre of global economic activity.
The Prime Minister will address the centenary celebrations of Patna University.
If the US is strong, it will naturally benefit India.
Yoga guarantees both fitness and wellness.
Addressing the gathering, the Prime Minister said that such Unnati Melas pave the way for a New India.
He said that now Varanasi is among the selected cities where piped cooking gas is being provided.
MoU between the Ministry of Economic Development of the Russian Federation and the National Institute for Transforming India (NITI Aayog)
The dream of 'Ek Bharat-Shreshtha Bharat' is embedded in it.
The event featured a mass recitation of Soundarya Lahari.
The MoU will help move towards attracting Saudi Arabian institutions for potential investment in the infrastructure sector in India.
People are writing letters from far and wide.
An unexpected number of countries from all over the world joined us.
India has had strong strategic ties with all three countries.
He said this creative environment should be used to build a New India at a faster pace.
The South Asia Satellite tells us that even in the case of regional cooperation between like-minded countries, the sky has no bounds.
Nordic solutions in non-polluting technologies, sea-based solutions, port modernization, food processing, health, life sciences, and agriculture were discussed.
The Prime Minister said India believes that the world is one family and it is with this spirit that it is fulfilling its global responsibilities.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has condoled the loss of lives due to the cyclone in Tamil Nadu.
The Prime Minister said that there is no dearth of capabilities, capabilities and resources in India.
For a strong partnership base, we support thriving bilateral trade and investment flows.
The Prime Minister said that this bridge will bring a positive change in the lives of common people.
The central government is constantly and closely monitoring the flood situation in Kerala.
Almost all the countries of the world made this opportunity of yoga their own.
Portals and social media related to consumer protection have also been integrated.
A Thai Navy jawan also lost his life in the entire operation.
The Prime Minister will inaugurate 50 Health and Wellness Centres in Arunachal Pradesh.
Recently, the Government of India has standardized the specifications for the rolling stock and signal system of metro rail.
During the meeting, the Prime Minister urged the players to use technology to improve their performance.
The Maratha Navy was responsible for the protection of these forts.
He told the officers that to succeed in tasks and objectives, it is important to develop close relationships with people.
And so together we will build an India where the poor have a pucca house, electricity, water.
Our goal is to build a relationship that reflects our shared priorities and creates a deeper connection between our people.
He later addressed a huge public meeting at a function organised to dedicate the Kochi Metro to the nation.
He said that India will be great and healthy only when its 125 crore citizens are healthy.
This provides a mechanism for capturing rising land prices.
India and Russia pledged to cooperate with each other to meet these goals.
He hoped that everyone will work together to complete this project in the shortest possible time.
Referring to technology, the Prime Minister requested assistance in areas where technical applications involving high pressure and high temperature are considered relevant for commercial exploitation of natural gas.
Barriers previously encountered during the decision-making process and approval have been removed.
He said that the Central Government is also laying a lot of emphasis on the development of waterways.
On 8th October, we celebrate 'Air Force Day'.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has paid tributes to Bhagwan Birsa Munda on his birth anniversary.
Prime Minister Modi and Prime Minister Abe will hold the 12th India-Japan Annual Summit on 14 September at Mahatma Mandir in Gandhi Nagar, Gujarat.
Fifty cities in India are ready for implementation of metro rail projects.
His visit is significant for both countries as our strategic partnership completes a decade.
Good health, therefore, refers to a collective effort for individual well-being and the well-being of the environment.
Today, solar energy is gaining popularity in India.
The Prime Minister distributed certificates to the beneficiaries of various schemes.
In fact, we have now entered what many have dubbed the 'Asian Century'.
Yoga can prove to be a strong pillar for a lifestyle of discipline and development.
"Remembering Shyamji Krishna Varma on his Jayanti.
President Widodo thanked the Prime Minister for his condolences and offer of assistance.
My dear countrymen, the Neelakurinji flower blooms once in 12 years in our country.
These hospitals will provide affordable cancer treatment to patients from neighbouring countries like Uttar Pradesh, Jharkhand, Bihar, Uttarakhand and Nepal.
The Prime Minister said that the freedom struggle became a people's movement due to the efforts of Mahatma Gandhi.
But let's not forget that it's not just government, money, planning, power that gets the job done.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today addressed the centenary celebrations of Patna University.
The Prime Minister encouraged the officers to develop contacts with the people around them and those they meet in the course of their duties.
Best wishes to all of you countrymen on all these festivals.
We have achieved more capacity in renewable energy than in conventional energy during 2017.
Within hours, the video generated a tremendous amount of interest on social media platforms like Twitter and Facebook.
He reiterated India's commitment to a sound and robust bilateral policy partnership with the United States.
A training institute is also being built along with the high-speed rail project.
He said that under the Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana, a massive campaign is underway to provide a permanent house to the poor in cities and villages.
The forts are a symbol of our heritage.
This payment was ensured to the farmers through sugar mills.
The mantra is that society can fight against superstition with faith.
Investors are expecting growth and macroeconomic stability.
The Prime Minister discussed cooperation between India and Israel towards innovation in areas such as food, water, health, and energy.
The government debt burden as a percentage of GDP is steadily decreasing.
It offers a panoramic view of the Sardar Sarovar Dam, its reservoir, and the Satpura and Vindhya mountain ranges.
He encouraged the jawans to do new things so that their routine tasks and duties become easier and safer.
It's a huge psychological battle.
Interacting with the Prime Minister, the awardees narrated inspiring stories of transforming their schools into centres of learning and excellence.
Whether it is grandparents or grandparents, parents, sons and daughters, all three generations should do yoga together and upload their picture.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has been apprised of the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and Italy on cooperation in the field of Renewable Energy.
In July this year, we relaxed our FDI regime.
The Prime Minister paid a thorough visit to the memorial.
It is not possible if the family in the family always denies the child and expects the neighbourhood to respect the child.
The Prime Minister stressed that the youth of India respects Sardar Patel and his contribution to the building of our nation.
A look at his life-time gives a glimpse of the whole of India.
He said that apart from the sugarcane sector, we should also think of globally competitive bamboo products.
He also distributed PM-SYM pension cards among the beneficiaries.
In terms of scale of operations and high value addition, an investor is also attracted by the huge domestic market, availability of skilled workers, and better physical infrastructure.
The popularity of these events grew over time.
The Indian community in Portugal has been instrumental in deepening our bilateral relations.
The Prime Minister laid the foundation stone of a sewerage network project in the western part of Agra under the 'AMRUT' scheme.
I am happy to inform that the State Government has declared 19th June as Reading Day.
The Prime Minister said that one-fourth of the world's 500 largest companies are in the public sector in one country or another.
Abdullah expressed appreciation for India's continued support to Afghanistan in its infrastructure development and capacity building.
He appealed to all present to work towards 100% sanitation coverage by Mahatma Gandhi's 150th birth anniversary, 2nd October, 2019.
Our relations continue to be on an upward trajectory.
It is the largest underground storage facility in the country.
I hope that the delegates from abroad will have some time to see the history and glory of Delhi.
Culture and people-to-people contact
He said that Kashi is now emerging as a health centre.
The presentation on 'Energy and Environment' included suggestions related to various energy sources and energy efficiency.
He will attend functions to mark the completion of one year of the state government.
Today, in the 22nd meeting, the Prime Minister reviewed the progress towards resolution and resolution of grievances related to the banking sector.
You have never had an opportunity like this in your life.
The government and people of Japan have shown great affection for me and my country.
The government is firmly committed to follow the path of fiscal consolidation.
Trade unions thus recognised will be accountable in maintaining industrial harmony.
Similarly, on 25 December, the death of Sulagitti Narasamma of Karnataka was reported.
He said the central government attaches the highest importance to the development of eastern India.
Both for and against the subject, people have their say.
Congratulations to our Junior Hockey Team on winning the Junior Hockey World Cup.
This movement should not be limited to just making people literate.
the exchange of these
"On World Toilet Day, we reaffirm our commitment to improving sanitation facilities across our country.
Since last month, he has started listening to 'Mann Ki Baat' in regional languages soon after my 'Mann Ki Baat' was completed.
All major agencies such as the International Monetary Fund, World Bank and Asian Development Bank (ADB) have projected India's growth rate at 7 to 8 per cent in the near future.
Speaking about Shri Pranab Mukherjee, he said, "Pranab Da is an outstanding statesman of our times.
The Prime Minister's Relief Fund will provide assistance at the rate of ₹2 lakh to the family of each deceased and ₹50,000 to the seriously injured.
These are some examples of improvements.
Authorities are working to provide all possible assistance in the aftermath of the storm.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today attended the Sahakar Sammelan to mark the birth centenary celebrations of Shri Laxmanrao Inamdar, in New Delhi.
According to UNCTAD's World Investment Report, India is still one of the top FDI destinations in the world.
I am happy that the younger generation is interested in knowing about our history, our freedom fighters, the people who sacrificed for this country.
1. Exchange and training of doctors, officials, other health professionals and specialists.
The Prime Minister also paid tributes to the Prime Minister of Malaysia, Dr. Mahathir Mohamad.
It has the potential to create a better society and nation.
It is changing the supply perspective;
I am looking forward to many more glittering successes.
In a tweet, the Prime Minister said, the Union Government has assured all possible support to the Government of Bihar in containing the flood situation and the situation is being closely monitored.
Recently, our country's beloved poet Neeraj ji left us.
India itself has been battling cross-border terrorism for decades.
He said that Shri Vajpayee was a great personality who was loved and respected by all sections of the society.
The other three terminals are under construction at Sahibganj, Haldia and Ghazipur.
He said India's water cannot be allowed to go to Pakistan.
Calling for a focus on preventive healthcare, the Prime Minister said that Swachh Bharat Abhiyan is an important step in this direction.
He also listed out the steps to be taken to improve 'ease of access to justice'.
The first 100% literate city and the first 100% literate district are from Kerala itself.
We are now a globally integrated economy.
This, he said, would eliminate middlemen and save the government.
So I would like to be aware of your thoughts on this present direction of education and its future.
5 companies of BSF, CISF, RAF have been deployed for relief and rescue work in the state.
He said Gurudev Rabindranath Tagore is as much from Bangladesh as he is from India.
The progress of the National Optical Fibre Network was reviewed.
If there are these in the youth of a country, then that country will not only progress in areas like economy, science and technology but will also make its mark in sports.
He said that the Union Government aims to develop Northeast India as a gateway to Southeast Asia.
Social media is changing disaster response.
Secretary Carton briefed the Prime Minister on the decisions taken in June this year and the progress made towards the discussions.
He laid the foundation stone of the institute in April 2015.
The world today is also grappling with the twin challenges of terrorism and climate change.
But we are in independent India.
It is a great honour to be the first Indian Prime Minister to visit this beautiful region of Sri Lanka.
I will go to Haifa today to pay homage to our brave soldiers.
At this time, the entire country stands with the people of the North East.
With the potential of the people, their aspirations are being fulfilled at a record pace.
It gives me immense pleasure to participate in the inauguration ceremony of the Kochi Metro.
He also said that the central government takes decisions keeping in mind the national interest and not for political gains.
The Prime Minister said that with the efforts of the government, India has emerged as a shining star of the global economy.
On our part, obviously we want more and more Japanese investment.
With no middlemen in between, things get a lot cheaper.
He said that our universities need to move from traditional teaching to innovative learning.
Acknowledging the congratulations of the Anganwadi workers, the Prime Minister expressed happiness that they have come from all parts of the country to meet him.
I have shared with you a strong commitment to take our bilateral relations to a new level.
Our efforts are showing results in terms of economic growth and development.
On 30th January, all of us pay homage to the martyrs who laid down their lives for the country by observing 2 minutes silence at 11 am.
Speaking to the media at the Ahmedabad airport, the Prime Minister said that Gujarat has faced heavy rains in the last week.
Most of the beneficiaries said that their standard of living has improved significantly.
The Prime Minister answered various questions posed by the members of the delegation in detail.
Today is the birth anniversary of Veer Savarkar ji.
Now the corporatisation of the company has become a matter of a day.
Reviewing the coal sector, the Prime Minister stressed the need for innovative efforts towards underground mining and gas from coal mines through the use of latest technology.
The Prime Minister participated in detailed and separate review meetings on the flood situation in the states of Assam, Arunachal Pradesh, Manipur and Nagaland throughout the day.
And therefore, brothers and sisters, it is very important to create confidence in the minds of the common man of the country by ending the distortions in our system.
Today, cross-border transactions are steadily increasing due to e-commerce and increasing trans-border mobility of people.
This is not only the highest ever FDI but also the highest ever increase in India's FDI.
The Prime Minister appealed to the people to provide assistance to unorganized sector workers working in the vicinity to register.
Dr. Abdul Kalam worked throughout his life to realize the dream of a developed India.
We have fought hard against terrorism and extremism in our respective countries.
You speak in one of the oldest living classical languages in the world.
My dear countrymen, greetings to all of you.
Knowledgeable people have been respected for centuries since the time of the Upanishads.
Every Indian is proud that these three great men are from our country.
They also agreed to continue efforts to develop clean energy-based systems, renewable energy and fuels, technologies to increase energy efficiency and produce non-polluting energy.
The Prime Minister said that he wants to warn the country that some elements are trying to create undue pressure on the judiciary.
Emphasizing the importance of food processing, the Prime Minister said that the agriculture sector suffers greatly in the absence of infrastructure.
It is a matter of happiness for me as I, along with my partner and friend President Ashraf Ghani of Afghanistan, had the opportunity to jointly inaugurate this conference.
The Prime Minister said that emphasis has been laid on working at a fast pace on better infrastructure and emotional connect for the entire North Eastern Region.
Similarly, social justice is also an important governance goal.
Preparing hospitals for the exchange of good facilities;
He changed the fate of not only himself but also of his region through organised efforts.
Tababi Devi, a 16-year-old young player, hails from a village in Manipur.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today attended the centenary year celebrations of Sabarmati Ashram in Gujarat.
The UAE can benefit from being associated with the growth of our manufacturing and services sector.
3. Short-term training of human resources in health.
Be it relief and rescue work or disaster management, our Air Warriors are grateful to the Air Force for their commendable work.
The Prime Minister said that the Chief Ministers of the states have played a major role in policy formulation through sub-groups and committees on issues like Swachh Bharat Mission, digital transactions, and skill development.
The government is also working towards the goal of every person in the country having their own house by 2022.
His far-reaching policies with regard to various fields touched the lives of every citizen of India.
In this context, real-time monitoring of the progress of nutrition outcomes was discussed, especially in the worst performing districts.
And therefore, the state government is being helped a lot in increasing the basic facilities in the state.
He termed GST as "Good and Simple Tax" which will ultimately benefit the people.
Our defence scientists have also made India proud.
My dear countrymen, Namaskar.
Now some people might say why did you take only two years?
The identified areas of mutual cooperation include safe and sustainable infrastructure and integrated water management.
Driven by the patience and determination of 1.25 billion countrymen, this Shuddhi Yagna will play an important role in setting the direction of the country for many years to come.
Some send photos of the children's efforts, while others tell a story of the team efforts of the youth.
He said that the countries of the world are willing to walk the path of peace and stability with India.
The country is moving in the right direction at every moment.
The Prime Minister will also visit an exhibition at Rajpath Lawns on the occasion.
The Prime Minister described the traditional, cultural, trust and friendly relations between India and Israel.
His calm approach to the game will definitely help the entire team.
Our domestic market is fragmented.
He did incredible work to serve the refugees in Delhi after partition.
I would like to state that I am happy that India and Brazil have finalised a bilateral investment agreement.
He specifically called for an innovative approach in areas such as skill development and tourism.
He expressed happiness that the states are now organizing investor conferences.
In Port Blair, the Prime Minister laid a wreath at the Martyrs' Column and visited the Cellular Jail.
This will result in increased competition efficiency and the influence of our marketing companies.
Today everyone is joining this campaign of Fit India.
Start-ups are exempt from paying income tax for 3 years.
It is very natural for everyone to be proud of this great tradition of India.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has prayed for the safety of all those affected by the inclement weather due to Cyclone Wardha.
In response to a question from a team working on creating rural digital entrepreneurship, the Prime Minister said that it is important to create an India where there is equal opportunity for all.
To continue our commitment in this area, I am happy to announce the construction of an additional ten thousand houses in the off-region areas under this project.
Obviously, it will take a lot of effort to make it popular.
It is estimated that there are more than two crore engineers and management graduates in our country.
And even at such a young age, this situation has been reached.
This will result in expansion of health facilities which will create a large number of jobs.
When India is clean, healthy, only then will India prosper.
You will be happy to know that the productivity of the Lok Sabha was 118% and that of the Rajya Sabha was 74 per cent.
This reason is the result of our fight against black money.
The Prime Minister said that hygiene is one of the most important aspects of preventive healthcare.
Noting the cultural significance of Jallikattu, the Prime Minister said that the matter is currently sub judice.
This will also increase mutual trust and trade.
Of these, one million are associated with the diamond industry alone.
I have innumerable fond memories with him.
