In order to ensure that their fellow countrymen could sleep peacefully, these brave sons toiled relentlessly, day or night.
We have a strong, investment friendly policy framework in place to boost domestic hydrocarbon production.
Armed Forces, the world over know the importance of supply chains.
The Prime Minister congratulated the medal winners for their exemplary performance in the international arena.
It is helping response agencies in quickly organizing themselves, and enabling citizens to connect more easily with authorities.
Bhagini Nivedita ji revived the dignity and pride of Indian culture.
The Indian Side conveyed its intention to increase import of fertilizers from Russia.
It is considered an occasion to worship Vidya, knowledge.
The Prime Minister called for efforts towards water conservation and water management on a war footing.
We are all aware that a few days ago, ISRO has successfully launched the GSAT-19.
Wheneverthere will be reference to Hockey,the story will remain incomplete without a mention of these legends.
A number of importantbills beneficial to the youth and the backward classes were passed during this session.
This traditional calendar depicts our bonding with natural and astronomical events.
“Greetings on World Environment Day.
New AIIMS are being opened in various states with a view to providing better treatment and health facilities to people across the country.
So a lot of new people would have received the training for casting votes.
This also is saving crores of rupees for the poor and middle class people.
The capability, commitment & controlling situation through rapid decisions of the NDRF have made them a cynosure of every Indian’s eye, worthy of respect & admiration.
Each one should nurture dreams for the next Olympics.
He said this target was recently accomplished in about 17,000 villages.
India and Russia regard the establishment of the multi-polar global order in international relations as a reflection of natural and inevitable process of evolution of interstate relations in the 21st century.
At this event we won 13 medals besides 3 in mixed events.
It is estimated that around 1 to 1.5 lakh knee operations happen in India every year.
I believe we are at a moment of great opportunity in our ties with Sri Lanka.
This Agreement shall enter into force on the first day of the second month after the Contracting Parties notify each other in through diplomatic channels, that the necessary national legal requirements for entry into force of this Agreement have been fulfilled.
They shared their perspectives on the long shared history and maritime links between the two countries.
Saddened by his passing away.
Our soldiers practiced yoga in Siachen where temperatures reach minus 20, 25, 40 degrees.
For mapping risks related to hazards such as earthquakes we have widely accepted standards and parameters.
Key Features of the tunnel
The Prime Minister also spoke of the immense tourism potential of the North-East.
We also need to move towards transparent and flexible markets for both oil and gas.
My dear countrymen, on 1st February 2017, Indian Coast Guard is completing 40 years.
They said that the Muslim community would never allow any conspiracy against India to succeed.
The Prime Minister also appreciated the progress in defence technology cooperation between the two countries.
My thoughts are with his entire family, friends and supporters in this hour of grief and sadness.
As I am talking to you today , the holy month of Ramzan has already commenced .
He will distribute certificates to beneficiaries of various schemes.
During this Session, the nation gets an opportunity to elect the new President and the Vice President.
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi today inaugurated state-of-the-art super speciality Rasilaben Sevantilal Shah Venus hospital in Surat.
He said “high-speed corridors” would be regions for rapid growth in the future.
125 crore Indians will join the rest of the world, in welcoming it with new hope, new energy and new dreams.
And for that you also have to take tough steps.
It was in the month of June 2015 that I had the opportunity of welcoming you in India.
On behalf of the people and the farmers of Gujarat and Maharashtra, who benefit from the Narmada, the Prime Minister thanked the people and the Government of Madhya Pradesh, for the Narmada Seva Yatra.
The Prime Minister said that the Union Government will do everything it can, to give enough water to the farmers.
India welcomes the world to explore economic opportunities our nation has to offer!
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has condoled the passing away of Kalaignar Karunanidhi.
He said that it is essential, as a society, to stay connected to our history.
The requirement of road, rail and waterways is enormous.
We keep learning something or the other from great men and women, saints, sages, holy people.
Brothers and sisters, in this year’s budget a big decision has been taken to ensure that farmers get a fair price for their produce.
He always continued to inspire more than 1.25 billion citizens for achieving this goal.
It needs efficiency in energy use.
This very month, 20 year old Vedangi Kulkarni from Pune became the fastest Asian to traverse the globe riding a bicycle.
My dear countrymen, Ganesh Utsav is drawing near.
Do you not feel, that for the good of the country, this movement for honesty, needs to be further strengthened?
Leaving home for the first time, moving out of one’s village, coming out of a protective environment amounts to taking charge of the course of one’s life.
They also have unique strengths and insights.
We can see in “Swachhata Hi Sewa” movement as to how the electronic media and the print media in our country can render a big service to the country.
May Yoga be of benefit to one and all.
59. The Sides reiterated their commitment to further strengthen global non-proliferation.
The Prime Minister said that an unclean environment, if not cleaned, leads to a situation where one starts accepting circumstances.
Write not only about architecture or natural beauty but write something about their daily life too.
He reiterated the Union Government’s commitment to provide universal coverage of seven key schemes to 45,000 additional villages in 115 Aspirational Districts, by August 15th, 2018.
• If the law of the land is working, then we have to join hands together ward off the challenge from those who try to save themselves by raking up the issue of political conspiracy.
My dear brothers & sisters, we celebrated ‘Infantry Day’ yesterday.
The MoU was signed in April, 2017.
The poison of casteism and communalism can never benefit the country.
Prime Minister appreciated how poor women with their self-confidence and strength fought against all adversities.
The National War Memorial, near India Gate in New Delhi, is a fitting tribute to our soldiers who laid down their lives defending the nation, post-independence.
We have used technology to reach out to people.
After the Indian Ocean Tsunami of 2004, the five worst affected countries brought in new laws for disaster risk management.
There is no dearth of talent in our country.
It has been made possible because of close cooperation between the Central Government and all the State Governments as well as all political parties.
He practised in the Gauhati High Court on constitutional, taxation and company matters.
“Today, a day after Diwali, Gujaratis mark the start of a New Year.
The Union Government has recognized great national leaders including Sardar Patel, Babasahed Ambedkar, and Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose, he added.
The Tenth Guru of Sikhs- Guru Gobind Singh has been a source of inspiration for many through his teachings and ideals.
The Prime Minister stated that both countries have benefitted in an unprecedented manner through economic engagement.
These steps have greatly benefitted not only the poor, but also the middle class, PM said.
From the point of a foreign investor, India counts as an extremely low risk political economy.
See, the exam you are going to appear at is the exam of what you have studied during this whole year.
I congratulate these young friends and members of the school in Chandrapur, from the core of my heart.
Made in India and Made by Japan combination has already started to work and converge wonderfully.
“We are really proud of the victory of Kidambi Srikanth in the Australian Open.
Of course, it is quite possible that my words this morning will act as a relaxant for you.
These experiences will enrich your lives.
The MoU covers the following areas of cooperation:
Unveiling the expansion of health care system in Bihar, he said, “ It is a historic day for Bihar in terms of health care infrastructure development.
The celebration of Ganesh Utsav publicly had become an effective medium in promoting a spirit of social awakening, integration, amity and equality among the masses besides projecting a sense of dedication and festivity in them.
You are the Leader of a great nation.
To those who are exploring, I promise you that we are committed to further refine our policies and procedures to boost Make in India.
13. Information and communication to citizens on hygiene and food safety and healthy eating habits; and
11,641 additional habitations have been connected with roads in the same period.
• Solar Photo-Voltaic energy has become economical compared to all other energy sources.
He also mentioned that sports helps in developing personality, building confidence, and in overall development.
197 million bank accounts were opened in one year.
In fact, May 1857 was not only evaluated as a minor historical incident but was also an attempt to dent our self-respect.
Friends, keeping the inflation under control has caused economic benefits to the poor and middle class consumers.
After hockey, good news for India also came in badminton.
He exhorted them to study hard and develop a keen interest in sports as well.
“Ustad Hussain Sayeeduddin Dagar’s demise is saddening.
The Special Notified Zone at the Bharat Diamond Bourse became operational in November, 2015.
Giving the example of dairy cooperatives, he said that the cooperative movement has the capacity to solve people’s problems.
New India is not possible without a New Tamil Nadu.
Honey is nature’s gift to mankind.
The Chief Ministers of the respective States, and senior officials were present at the meetings.
The Governing Council reviews the work done during the previous year and deliberates upon the future developmental priorities.
We have taken note of the priority that President Temer attaches to reviving the domestic economic agenda in Brazil.
Ekta has won the gold and bronze medals in World Para Athletics Grand Prix 2018 held in Tunisia.
This is the power of our tourism.
This has freed rural women from the misery of poisonous smoke.
I have asked all concerned officers in the Government to focus their attention to this task.
He expressed confidence that the people and the State of Gujarat would emerge even stronger and successfully tackle the challenge posed by the floods.
The Prime Minister said that the Government is working to ensure that adequate Agriculture Credit is available.
We launched the process of full membership in Tashkent meeting of the SCO last year.
In fact, micro plastics have now even entered basic food like salt, bottled water and tap water.
The Prime Minister said the common man could relate to Adi Shankara’s composition – Soundarya Lahari.
Kochi was selected as a Smart City in Round One of the challenge process in January 2016.
In the beginning of this year, she was honoured with a Padma Shri.
It provides a framework and enabling environment to understand each other’s strengths, market, technologies, policies, etc.
Yoga brings about peace in this modern fast paced life by combining the body, mind, spirit and soul.
Just two days back, I have written letters to all governments and all leaders of the world about the Yoga Day.
In a couple of days, we will observe the first International Tsunami Awareness Day.
But for me, this is the first time at Def-Expo.
This can happen only if businesses make long-term investments that create jobs and sustain economic growth.
This is the true spirit of women empowerment all over the country.
Initiatives like GST and strict action against corruption has helped people doing honest business.
Further, as per the new law, any application challenging the award is to be disposed off by the Court within one year.
Bilateral relations between India and Russia are marked by broad understanding on issues of mutual interest.
In Karnataka, especially in far-off, remote places, thousands of women availed of her services.
“A warm welcome and best wishes to all teams taking part in the FIFA U-17 World Cup.
She helped publication of Basu’s research and publicity through her articles and conferences.
Uttarakhand and Haryana have also been declared ODF, this week.
He said the Pradhan Mantri Krishi Sinchai Yojana envisions water for every farm.
We are a young Nation.
He described the Prime Minister as a great leader and a “world leader.”
Every athlete who represented India at 2018 Commonwealth Games inspires us.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has saluted air warriors and their families on Air Force Day.
It contributes to our energy security.
This will be the fourth Annual Summit between Prime Minister Modi and Prime Minister Abe.
The Prime Minister asserted that nations cannot progress unless they value and cherish their history and heritage.
In a befitting reply to those who made a mockery of PM’s announcement of Swachta Abhiyan from the Red Fort, he said that today due to extensive sanitation drive, 97% population has access to clean toilets now.
He said the Kashi Vishwanath Temple has survived the vicissitudes of centuries.
This is an example where the daughters are stitching ordinary to good quality clothes for themselves and other families.
While new laws have been formulated, older laws have been made more stringent now.
The Sides agreed to make efforts to convene the INSTC Ministerial and Coordination meeting on priority.
They agreed that this phenomenon presented the single biggest threat to peace, stability and progress in the region and beyond.
I will also address the Indian Community in Indonesia.
• Cow is revered as the mother in our country.
Today, our fishermen take small boats to the sea.
The first necessity for a healthy life is cleanliness.
In the year 2001, Atalji changed the time of presenting the budget from 5 pm to 11 am.
However, most of the time the situation of the house is like this that umpires are in more trouble than the players.
Compared to last year, the total sales of Khadi & Handicrafts have risen almost by 90%.
Addressing the gathering, Prime Minister said that work is progressing at a fast pace to ensure that every homeless person has a house by 2022.
Prime Minister has welcomed the leaders of the BRICS and BIMSTEC families, ahead of the summits.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will inaugurate a stretch of the new Magenta line of the Delhi Metro on 25th December.
My dear countrymen, you must’ve returned to your respective routines after the Diwali vacation, with a new resolve, with a new determination.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that it was indeed significant that the junior-most and senior-most officers are spending such a lot of time communicating with each other.
India has achieved a rating upgrade after a long wait.
The results are already visible.
India will work with other partner countries and stakeholders to build a coalition or centre for promoting disaster resilient infrastructure in the region.
The Jan Dhan Yojana has brought millions of people into the banking system.
The Government has undertaken a range of transformational initiatives.
Both leaders also discussed the importance of enhancing connectivity.
Several Union Ministers and other dignitaries were present on the occasion.
Our youth will never be misled, the Prime Minister added.
He said this would be a tribute to Mahatma Gandhi on his 150th birth anniversary in 2019.
I once again urge that we should try and take forward the Khadi movement.
The beautiful landscapes of Cyprus and the wide horizons of ‘Incredible India’ can be a source of tourism promotion in both our countries.
First Lady Kim congratulated the Prime Minister on being awarded the Seoul Peace Prize.
“Saddened by the loss of lives in Bangladesh due to landslides.
Chief Minister of Gujarat Shri Vijay Rupani ;
The Prime Minister said that the postman has long been a respected and accepted person in the villages.
While the global economy is going through a period of uncertainty, India has shown tremendous resilience.
“Today, Jan Dhan Yojana completes 3 years.
It will lead to promotion and propagation of Traditional Systems of Medicines of India in Colombia.
Even a common man gets a unique diving feeling when he visits this place.
Skill India aims to ensure that new entrants to the work force have the necessary skills to contribute to the economy of the 21st century.
He then witnessed an audio-visual presentation of experience sharing by select beneficiaries of schemes of the Government of India and Government of Rajasthan.
Millions of people take a dip in the holy rivers on theoccasion of MakarSankranti.
Stable, predictable and transparent regulations are redefining the nature of doing business in India.
Dear brothers and sisters, in this very way, some farmers from hilly areas of Uttarakhand have become a source of inspiration for the farmers across the country.
Recently, I had the opportunity to go to one of my favorite events.
I hope that this will help us in moving forward.
We are happy to have this opportunity to deepen our engagement with the bank and its members.
The Prime Minister said that this honour truly belongs to the people of India.
Addressing a public meeting, the PM congratulated everyone who has worked for the memorial.
Congratulations Tejaswini Sawant for the Gold in the women’s 50m Rifle 3 Positions event.
Thousands of children made paintings.
This is the ninth interaction in the series by the Prime Minister through video conference with the beneficiaries of various Government schemes.
India has been home to several saints, seers who have served society and reformed it, he added.
Similarly, you can see that presently efforts are afoot and discussions are being held about simultaneously holding the elections for Lok Sabha and for state assemblies.
He asked officers to come up with an action plan during the Rajasva Gyan Sangam, to eliminate pendency.
He said the Ardh-Kumbh would show how ‘New India’ encompasses both heritage and modernity.
We are also making collaborative efforts to mainstream solar energy in the form of an International Solar Alliance.
The review meeting, which lasted for nearly two hours, was attended by top officials from infrastructure-related Ministries, NITI Aayog, and PMO.
We now have electricity in every village.
This event is the first of its kind in South Asia.
17. Proposed to expand basket of vaccines to all the states.
10 days ago, Mother India had to bear the loss of many of her valiant sons.
He reiterated Shri Inamdar’s mantra of “Bina Sanskar, Nahin Sahkar.”
The Prime Minister said that spiritual institutions in India, have been centres for the spread of social reform.
26. The Russian Side invited the Indian Side to invest in the Russian Far East.
We are also partners in South Africa’s skill development efforts.
It used to be played in almost every state.
The two leaders agreed to push forward bilateral trade and investment in a balanced and sustainable manner by taking advantage of complementarities between their two economies.
It was conceived by Prime Minister Abe and I when we visited Varanasi together in 2015.
He stated that the close and mutually beneficial India-Malaysia ties are based on the strong foundation of shared values, interests and vibrant people-to-people relations.
He underlined the fact that the project got final sanction in January 2015 and now it has seen the light of the day.
It was distressing to see the suffering of the affected people.
Besides, the government’s thinking would also be reflected.
Consumers are also being made aware through the “Jago Grahak Jago” campaign.
I am looking forward to meeting the political leaders and friends in Nepal.
He said this move, which will transform tourism is a continuing effort.
The new Insolvency & Bankruptcy Code will make it easier for investors to have an exit.
He interacted with some innovators and beneficiaries.
Through Mahila Kisan Sashaktikaran Pariyojna, training has been given to over 33 lakh women farmers.
BIMSTEC is a natural platform for regional cooperation.
The Prime Minister quoted the writer Ramvriksha Benipuri, and the poet Sohanlal Dwivedi to describe the mood that prevailed at that time.
She travelled to various countries and raised her voice against the mischievous propaganda against Sanatan Dharma and ideology.
He complimented the Ministry of AYUSH for the establishment of the All India Institute of Ayurveda.
My heart goes out to the victim’s families.
He had the courage to show a mirror to the British about their wrong doings.
Regional and International Cooperation has an important role in providing an added push to our efforts.
We also exchanged perspectives on important global and regional issues of mutual concern.
It can be terminated by either Party after giving six months’ prior notice in writing to the other Party.
He was an inspiration to Karyakartas like me.
He said the nation will never forget the sacrifices of the freedom fighters.
· Insurance companies have also been advised to pay the insurance claims of people affected by Ockhi cyclone expeditiously.
He noted that the prize is being conferred at a time when India marks the 150th birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi.
According to the Bank of International Settlements, India is less vulnerable to banking distress among the major economies.
President Ghani expressed his condolences to the families of the martyred soldiers.
He congratulated the people of India on the occasion, and said that the bullet train project will provide speed and progress, and deliver results quickly.
Our most beloved leader, ShriAtalBihari Vajpayee, the former Prime Minister of our country, had clearly said that human rights are not analien concept for us.
His was a life devoted to alleviating suffering and removing injustice from society.
This could form another link to further connect our societies.
A ‘New India’ is rising.
In this context, the Prime Minister mentioned the International Solar Alliance, and the joint effort of India and France to this cause.
He said the Krishi Vigyan Kendras (KVKs) will play a key role in this regard.
The gems and jewellery sector employs 4.6 million people.
His vision was not just to treat them, but also to mainstream them into our society, he added.
Even this year, we should try to organize ‘Run for Unity’ in our village, town, city or metropolis.
We can protect ourselves from several diseases in addition to having a good heath if we daily practice the poses and breathing exercise of Yoga.
The capacity of the National Consumer Helpline has been increased 4 times.
The project is significant as it will ensure water supply to the drought prone Bundelkhand region.
The Paika Rebellion (Paika Bidroha) was fought against British rule, in Odisha in 1817.
vii) Any other area of cooperation as may be mutually decided upon.
I experienced his excellent hospitality during the BRICS Summit in South Africa last year.
He described tourism as an ancient concept in India, and a spiritual tradition.
This is specially essential for the freedom and peace of the exploited, victimised and deprived people and to ensure justice for them.
The Sides agreed to deepen cultural and humanitarian ties within the SCO.
He commended the country’s security apparatus for the work they are doing in securing the country.
Do your best today.
My young friends, you know very well that I regularly do my ‘Mann Ki Baat’.
The Prime Minister reiterated that India is a strong supporter of the multilateral trading system.
It is now recognized as a global best practice.
The law and order situation is being closely monitored.
During the same period a scheme to declare black money was introduced.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, on Thursday evening, reviewed the progress of the Namaami Gange programme.
Budget under MNREGA is also utilized for this water conservation activity.
The MoU was signed on 25th September 2018.
If the children in our family are interested in sports, they should be given opportunities.
The Prime Minister assured the delegation that the Union Government will look into their demands.
• The President of Indonesia and the Prime Minister of India agreed to hold annual Summit meetings, including on the margins of multilateral events.
Addressing the gathering, the Prime Minister said that innovation has a key role to play in bringing the people of India and Israel, closer to each other.
When Rajani approached her father, expressing her wish to learn boxing, he encouraged her, arranging for whatever possible resources that he could.
Presence of President Ramaphosa on the Republic Day and participation as the Chief Guest, is a symbol of our shared commitment to strengthen our relations.
He said there is immense potential for tourism in Varanasi, and all efforts should be made to keep the city clean.
The Prime Minister said that every effort is being made to ensure a unique experience for devotees coming for the Ardh-Kumbh.
Everybody recalls the efforts and constructive role of the UN in establishing peace throughout the world.
Increase in maternity leave is a welcome provision.
Electricity reached each & every village of the country this year.
The phase being inaugurated today will operate from Aluva to Palarivattom.
A high level Russian delegation would visit India to organize investment road-shows and promote greater Indian investments in the Far East.
Our past has always been harmoniously inter-woven.
The Prime Minister explained in detail about the benefits of PM-SYM.
An enabling alternate dispute resolution ecosystem is a national priority for India.
iv) Maternal, child and neonatal health;
He encouraged States to give fresh ideas to the Finance Commission, for incentivizing outcome-based allocations, and expenditure correction.
If anybody thinks that not going to a place will prolong their CM tenure and visiting a place will curtail it, such a person does not deserve to be a Chief Minister, the Prime Minister asserted.
He recalled that Indian soldiers had played a key role in the liberation of Haifa during the first world war.
No new funds have been approved.
We have moved towards digital platformsin fuel retail and payments.
He unveiled a Road Map for overall development of tribals during the next five years.
The brave peacekeepers from this land of Mahatma Gandhi and Gautam Budha have sent a message of peace and amity around the world.
We agreed to sustain the momentum of our relations in key areas, including energy and investments.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today attended a function organized by the Press Council of India on the occasion of National Press Day.
We are fourth largest in Wind Energyand fifth largest producer of Solar Energy.
The Prime Minister appreciated the close bilateral cooperation in sectors such as investment, urban development, civil aviation, and skill development.
As close neighbours, our relationship spreads across many layers.
Chartered accountants can start a new career in this field by becoming insolvency practitioners.
They are currently touring different parts of India as part of the initiative “Watan Ko Jaano.”
The Prime Minister said that the task of constructing toilets was undertaken in mission mode.
The situation is being monitored closely.
Over the next couple of decades, most of the new infrastructure in the world will come up in our region.
He credited him with ending the superstition associated with Noida, by coming to this city.
This is a good beginning.
“Strongly condemn the terrorist attack in Kabul.
That is why a large number of letters on agriculture have been received.
Through Make in India we are offering a platform to Global Companies to produce in India and to make better use of our huge human resource.
I once again bow paying my obeisance to Shri Guru Gobind Singh ji.
He said that good connectivity in the North-East will also link the region with the economy of South-East Asia.
The world looks to India, and to Yoga, for a durable, and sustainable answer to these problems.
He said that for India, this is not just an industrial transformation, but a social transformation.
Your children have benefited from this.
And I am fully aware of the fact that eliminating fake companies and taking action against black money can be politically incorrect and pose a risk to any political party.
He said that the huge reduction in piracy in the Indian Ocean, is due, to a large extent, to the military might of India, and our international partnerships.
At Anand, the Prime Minister will inaugurate modern food processing facilities, including Amul’s ultra-modern Chocolate Plant.
Who does not know about the Bangladesh Freedom Struggle of 1971?
India’s economic interests shall be better served by a higher number of arbitration experts and lawyers.
This is a new avenue opened by the government for you people.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its ex post-facto approval to the MoU between India and Singapore on cooperation in the field of urban planning and development.
The bridge will enhance connectivity and greatly reduce travel time between Assam and Arunachal Pradesh.
Later, in 1945, when the Freedom Struggle gained momentum, he prepared an amended copy of those ideas.
He said Adi Shankara had united India, through the Vedas and Upanishads.
Nation is celebrating the Independence Day with the festival of Janamashtmi today .
He said farmers and scientists have to work together to transform agriculture.
The Union Cabinet, chaired by the Prime Minister Narendra Modi, has approved Measures to promote Hydro Power Sector.
This provided a chance to more and more of our countrymen to unfurl our national flag.
I congratulate the crores of people, particularly the poor, who benefitted from this initiative.
Works like Encyclopaedia of Hinduism, when made available in various languages, increase the under-standing and enhance the awareness of other traditions and cultures within the country.
Interacting with the Prime Minister, the beneficiaries expressed happiness with the good quality of medicines available at Jan Aushadi Kendras.
He is among the best orators our nation has produced, the Prime Minister added.
We aim to provide every poor and homeless household a house with toilet, water and electricity by the year 2022.
Last month, our space scientists created a unique record.
At present there are 45 lakh Self Help Groups with active participation of around five crore women all over rural India.
Prime Minister mentioned his PRAGATI initiative for project monitoring.
My dear countrymen, Navratras are going on.
Railways can now contribute in a much better way in meeting the transport needs of the country.
The Prime Minister said that the policies and decisions of the Union Government are aimed at increasing the income of farmers.
He also added that India believes that a strong America is good for the world.
Not only me, whole India and whole South Africa is eager to listen to the thoughts of the Hon’ble President.
He urged people to use the Bhim App and embrace cashless transactions.
63. We will build together such an India, which will be clean, healthy and fulfil the dream of self-rule (Swaraj).
It is in the interests of producersthat other economies keep growing steadily and rapidly.
i) Non-communicable diseases, including child cardiovascular diseases and cancer;
More than 90 percent of the FDI approvals have been put on automatic route.
They can also withstand adverse agro-climatic conditions.
The size and growth of the Indian market hold much potential.
Jan Dhan Revolution is a historic movement to bring the poor, downtrodden and marginalised into the financial mainstream.
He said that just as Sardar Patel had ensured political integration of the country, GST would ensure economic integration.
The country salutes the indomitable courage of Meenaji, wife of Martyr PrasannaSahu of Jagatsinghpur, Odisha.
Talking about Self Help Groups (SHGs), Prime Minister said that Self Help Groups play a very important role in the economic and social advancement of poor, especially for women from rural strata of society.
The Defense Research & Development Organization (DRDO) has prepared this memorial in a very short span of time.
The country is governed by peace, harmony and unity.
Under the Mission for Integrated Development of Horticulture, farmers would be provided assistance for replantation of damaged horticulture crops.
Referring to the arrival of the first inland container vessel in Varanasi, the Prime Minister said that Eastern Uttar Pradesh is now connected with the Bay of Bengal, through the water route.
He said that the Union Government has decided that for all notified crops, MSP will be at least one and a half times the cost.
Rural road connectivity is now 90 %.
In this context, he mentioned the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code.
Replace Tai Khamti’ instead of ‘Khampti’ at serial No. 6.
PM inaugurated the first phase of River Front Development at Patna .
At a public meeting, the Prime Minister will unveil a plaque to mark the laying of Foundation Stone of the Rail Coach Refurbishing Karkhana, Sonepat.
Therefore, we are continuously working to improve our investment climate.
The industry and business in our two economies can shape attractive partnerships through the flagship programmes launched by my Government.
My personal engagement with the leadership, Government, Industry and people of Japan is now a decade old.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today inaugurated the Kochi Metro, and travelled briefly on the new metro line.
The dedication of these doctor friends engaged in selfless service is truly worthy of praise.
I am confident that Strong India and Strong Japan will also be a stabilising factor in Asia and the world.
The Prime Minister said India can achieve a lot in football.
Shri Modi stated that on humanitarian grounds notes of five hundred and one thousand rupees will be accepted at government hospitals, pharmacies in government hospitals (with prescription of a doctor), booking counters for railway tickets, government buses, airline ticket counters, petrol, diesel and gas stations of PSU oil companies, consumer cooperative stores authorized by the state or central government, milk booths authorized by state government and crematoria, burial grounds.
The Prime Minister spoke of themes such as climate protection and smart cities, which came up for discussion.
In keeping with the PM’s vision to give a boost to spirit of Science, Technology and Innovation across the country, it will be the fifth Indian Science Congress to be addressed by the Prime Minister Shri Modi since he assumed office .
He also recalled the role of members of Indian community in the Kenya’s freedom movement.
Some people have really benefitted very well from MNREGA budget provisions made by the Government of India for water conservation and water management works.
I recently visited the Krishi Unnati Mela organized in New Delhi.
He congratulated the people of Jammu Kashmir for making the state Open Defecation Free by September 2018 itself.
Savings of fuel due to elimination of delays at State border crossings will help the environment as well, he added.
Today, we live in an inter-connected world.
Our armed forces have consistently displayed unparalleled courage and valour.
The sportspersons had called on the Prime Minister at Parliament House, New Delhi.
He described GST is an example of Cooperative Federalism.
Thus all sections and regions of the country will get benefited.
He said almost all villages along the banks of the River Ganga have now become open defecation free.
Today, in the twenty-third meeting, the Prime Minister reviewed the progress towards handling and resolution of grievances related to consumers.
He said that as new laws are made, old ones should be reviewed and weeded out if found unnecessary.
At this moment of hardship&agony, their service stands out as a shining example.
Independent India has also sent one of the largest numbers of UN Peace-Keepers to places all over the world.
Just a while ago, 16 year old Shivangi Pathak became the youngest Indian woman to scale Everest from the Nepal side.
He added that the Government is giving a lot of importance to innovation and research.
He said the awards also indicate the priorities of the Government.
I now turn specifically, to food processing.
Welcoming the members of the delegation, the Prime Minister said that democracy’s greatest strength is harmony and amity (मेल मिलाप).
My dear countrymen, in ‘Mann Ki Baat’, All India Radio too infuses myriad novel hues of creativity and imagination.
Even otherwise, Uttarakhand has been the main centre for Yoga for several decades.
Both countries signed 12 agreements.
Under the aegis of “Eat Right India” campaign, ‘Swasth Bharat’ trips are being carried out across the country.
His pure thoughts and ideals have a profound impact on society.
He said that initiatives like Pradhan Mantri Surakshit Matritva Abhiyaan and Mission Indradhanush played a vital role in the decline in the mortality rate.
He mentioned his visit to the Cellular Jail, and the point where Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose had hoisted the tricolour 75 years ago.
The selected bank will co-brand the Kochi Metro Fare Card and App with the bank’s name.
The Swachh Bharat Abhiyan is an initiative in this direction.
This holy month of Ramzan will definitely be helpful in further strengthening these values of peace, unity and goodwill.
We have set a target to construct capacity of 175 Giga Watt of renewable energy by the year 2022.
In modern times more than one hundred and thirty thousand Indian soldiers sacrificed their lives in World Wars in the last century.
They spoke of their respective efforts to contribute to the regional and global economic development.
Her stellar innings in semi finals will always be remembered.
Yoga helps to maintain balance amidst this disintegration.
Different taxes across different states have made goods and services more expensive.
The high level review meeting was attended by officials from PMO, NITI Aayog and other Ministries.
The Prime Minister offered deepest condolences on his behalf and on behalf of the people of India on the loss of precious lives in the recent earthquake and tsunami that hit the Sulawesi region of Indonesia.
He said that the officers present in the gathering today have delivered leadership, despite often having to operate in an environment of negativity.
In response to a question on climate change, the Prime Minister reiterated India’s timeless values of nurturing and protecting nature.
I am particularly grateful to Prime Minister Abe for his encouragement and support at a personal level.
I am visiting the Republic of Korea at the invitation of President Moon Jae-in.
He encouraged them to share and write about their unique experiences during the journey.
The Prime Minister appreciated the spirit and the hard work of our farmers, for their achievements in agriculture since independence.
Come 2019, we are going to celebrate the 550th PRAKASH VARSH of Guru Nanak Dev ji.
The delegation interacted with the Prime Minister on subjects such as women entrepreneurship, and women empowerment.
World Environment Day seeks to address a very significant challenge this year.
He said that the Union Government is working with an approach of “isolation to integration” to develop all the hitherto under-developed parts of the country.
Their target is to reach 300 million under-privileged people by 2022.
After the review, the Prime Minister announced a financial assistance of Rs 500 crore to the State.
The Food Safety and Standards Authority of India has been engaged in ensuring that processed food made in India, matches global quality standards.
Our trade and investment relations are becoming more and more intense.
He said that as a country, we have to leave no stone unturned to not just reach the last mile but also to work together to eliminate the social stigma attached with this disease.
We have taken decisive steps and built a governance system that will help India realize its potential.
Under the Pradhan Mantri Gram Sadak Yojana, rural roads have now connected 88 percent of all eligible habitations.
Over the last twenty years, more than eight hundred and fifty thousand people died from disasters in the Asia-Pacific.
This shows that international bilateral cooperation is no longer limited to national capitals, but now extends to our State capitals as well.
He also unveiled a series of development projects related to the energy, connectivity and health sectors.
With an event of such scale & magnitude, which saw the participation of thousands of sportspersons from myriad corners of the world, can you imagine the mood that must have pervaded the atmosphere there?
Peoples’ power is, in a way, considered to be a divine incarnation.
The Government of India has also provided support to the activities of the foundation.
This will be the world’s largest government funded health care programme.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today addressed the nation from the ramparts of the Red Fort on the 71st Independence Day.
He is likely to unveil a plaque to mark the launch of some visitor facilities.
We are celebrating this Independence Day in a positive atmosphere amidst such positive chain of events.
In this context he talked about the Union Government’s initiatives to bring down the prices of medicines, stents etc.
It was Atal Ji’s exemplary leadership that set the foundations for a strong, prosperous and inclusive India in the 21st century.
Usually they were built at a vast area of land, and often away from the residential areas.
A series of administrative reforms have significantly improved the business sentiment in the country.
The Prime Minister emphasized the importance of taking pride in our history, and in our rich archaeological heritage.
India’s per capita income has doubled in the last ten years.
Speaking on the occasion, at a large public meeting in Ahmedabad, the Prime Minister spoke of the high ambition and willpower of “New India.”
The Joint Statement on Maritime Cooperation outlines the agenda of our engagement in this field.
He worked tirelessly for the progress of Delhi, particularly towards ensuring better infrastructure.
My many felicitations and best wishes to you.
The results of these efforts are now evident.
They have laid down their lives for the country.
14. Security of the country is our priority.
Both Sides noted recent investments by Indian companies in the diamond manufacturing in the Russian Far East.
The MoU was signed on 6th January, 2017 in New Delhi.
During their meeting, Prime Minister extended a warm welcome to President Mirziyoyev and his delegation to Gujarat.
He told the medal winners that their sporting feats have raised India’s stature and pride.
Our mantra is Sabka Saath, Sabka Vikas.
Arbitration proceedings will now become faster as the Arbitration law has been amended.
He said dynamic change is needed to transform the system.
That is why the Indian Ocean has a special place in the policies of the Government, he added.
The Prime Minister mentioned the plans to expand the healthcare infrastructure, road network, and oil and gas pipeline infrastructure in the State.
They also cause undue hardships,particularly to those at the bottom of the pyramid in developing and least developed countries.
•India will emerge as a global leader in transportation sector through cutting edge technology and skilled manpower.
He said PSUs have contributed significantly in nation-building, and in the nation’s economy, since independence.
He congratulated everyone associated with the construction of this Statue.
Earlier he also expressed sadness over loss of lives in forest fire in Portugal.
Lower labour costs, large domestic market and macro-economic stability combine to make India a very attractive investment destination.
Man must relate to nature, man must revere nature, not merely consider it a resource to be exploited, the Prime Minister asserted.
And, Cyprus too has always reciprocated with its warmth and friendship.
The interaction covered over one crore women representing various Self Help Groups.
They will not be spared.
A contribution of equal amount as that of the beneficiary will be made by the Union Government, PM said.
He said the Union Government is committed to fulfilling all its missions and resolves, with the help of the people.
The Prime Minister said that this high speed railway would not only bring two cities closer, but also bring the people living hundreds of kilometers away, closer to each other.
In the last two years – 2014-2016, we facilitated the repatriation of over ninety thousand Indian nationals from nearly 54 countries.
It is one of the key elements of India’s rising soft power status, globally, he added.
I am also keen to interact with the Indian Community in Portugal during the visit”, the Prime Minister said.
In case of a fast track procedure, such award can be given in 6 months.
36 white industries have been taken out from the requirement of environmental clearance.
I pray for the quick recovery of those injured.
The Prime Minister said, “We have taken a major step to provide education facilities at the higher educational, technical and professional institutions in addition to the reservation for the poor from general category.
It is our responsibility to further develop the understanding about Yoga for a healthy and happy humanity.
Today these diseases are known as ‘lifestyle disorders.’
The Prime Minister said that the Union Government will support the cyclone-affected States through a package of relief measures.
The day of Bhagwan Mahavir’s birth anniversary is a day to remember his sacrifice and penance.
Earlier, Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe said that the India-Japan partnership is special, strategic and global.
We are also familiar with Japan’s enormous contributions to the process of development in other parts of the world, especially in Asia and Africa.
Today, we remember and salute that spirit.
We have also announced a new Intellectual Property Rights policy.
Partaking of LANGAR together created a feeling of unity & oneness in people.
The team members presented the Prime Minister with an autographed bat, a ball and a team jersey with the Prime Minister’s name.
Government of India has made a successful effort to clean the Ganga and involve the people for this project with the cooperation of five State governments.
Beneficiaries also talked about how reduced prices of heart stent and knee transplants have changed their life.
Training is given for employment as well as self-employment to meet the aspirations of youth for a better life.
We have exceptionally good political and people-to-people relations with each and every country in the ASEAN region.
In this very Kranti Mandir, a visual arts museum has been established.
Recently, a scheme has also been launched to provide electricity connection to every household of the country.
SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY
The Prime Minister stressed on providing maximum benefit to the poor and marginalized sections of society, under this scheme.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will attend the inauguration of the birth centenary celebration of Nanaji Deshmukh at IARI at Pusa in New Delhi tomorrow (11th October, 2017).
For example, the housing programme in India targets ten million houses in urban areas.
A single-window facilitation cell provides handholding for foreign investors.
Come, let us take positivity forward.
Bhagini Nivedita ji also helped the great scientist Jagdish Chandra Basu.
The Prime Minister complimented the State Government for the efforts made in meeting the challenges of the unprecedented situation.
This 2 minutes silence is an expression of our collective resolve and reverence for the martyrs.
Among the projects inaugurated are the Integrated Power Development Scheme (IPDS) for Puraani Kashi; and an Atal Incubation Centre at BHU.
We stand with Portugal in full support in this hour of grief.
PM will inaugurate the newly constructed Madan Mohan Malviya Cancer Centre of Banaras Hindu University.
Life moves ahead depending upon the condition that whatever the sense of mission you have achieved and whatever is the sense of ambition that you nurture, whether there is any ongoing co-ordination between your sense of mission and your sense of ambition!
I see great untapped potential in this for investors.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its ex-post facto approval to the MoU between India and Afghanistan on cooperation in the peaceful uses of outer space.
This will be of immense importance to both countries considering their shared cultural heritage.
Even in our ancient scriptures, this importance of personal hygiene is captured.
This will ensure growing energy markets for them.
Currently,India is the fastest growing large economy in the world.
Our mutual cooperation and coordination on many forums like BRICS, G-20, Indian Ocean Rim Association, IBSA, is very strong.
At the feet of the Statue of Unity, the Prime Minister will perform a special prayer.
The Prime Minister said that the recently announced Ayushman Bharat scheme is going to transform the health sector.
Under the aegis of this campaign, separate programmes on village development, poverty amelioration and social justice will be held throughout India.
He complimented the people of Kashi for extending a warm welcome to French President Emmanuel Macron.
He said that only those who respect women, can take legitimate pride in the opening words of Swami Vivekananda’s address – “Brothers and sisters of America.”
This will help provide better health and maternity care for the weaker sections of the society.
Speaking on this occasion, the Prime Minister congratulated the gathering on the celebration of Dhanvantari Jayanti as Ayurveda Divas.
Prime Minister Modi conveyed his good wishes for the progress and prosperity of the friendly people of Malaysia.
Investments through our “Make in India” initiative, have been well supported by programmes like ‘Digital India’ and ‘Skill India’.
In course of the conversation today the Prime Minister explained India’s policies in the areas of climate change and environmental sustainability.
Powered by the energy of our youth, we are positioning India as a global manufacturing hub.
In the education sector, we have taken an important step to grant the universities freedom from restrictions to make them the world class universities.
Our motto is ‘More crop, per drop.’
Security and defence cooperation have added growing new dimensions to our relationship.
He said that through the Pradhan Mantri Fasal Bima Yojana, premiums have been lowered, capping on insurance removed, and claims amounts disbursed to farmers have gone up.
This in turn requires widening the ambit of legal education in India.
With the inauguration of both cancer hospitals, Varanasi is set to become an important centre for quality treatment and care in Cancer related ailments.
Your Excellency, Prime Minister Mark Rutte,
I am excited to lead the Indian delegation for our first-ever meeting of the Council as a full member.
Shri Narendra Modi referred to the various projects in the power, road and other infrastructure sectors, which have progressed significantly, and brought about an improvement in the lives of the people in the city of Varanasi, and nearby areas.
I have been saying that 21st Century is Asia’s Century.
The Prime Minister said that the Conference has now become more relevant, in the context of challenges and responsibilities facing the country.
Prime Minister exchange views with the delegation members on the bilateral partnership and other issues of mutual interest.
We are also happy to share with you India’s holistic healthcare traditions such as Yoga and Ayurveda.
Constant efforts to belittle our culture and make us feel inferior were on.
Over the last three years, we have worked very hard on the front of Ease of Doing Business.
I am grateful to Akbar Sahab.
60. Our resolve is to build an India, which provides all the opportunities to the youth and women to fulfil their dreams.
The visit of Your Excellency provides us with a vital opportunity to take this relationship forward.
Therefore, the strategic imperative to Make in India, to Make for India, and to Supply to the World from India is stronger than ever before.
He urged the students to think about innovative solutions to the problems faced by people.
It should try to achieve the real goal of bringing social and economic change.
14. Any other area of cooperation as may be mutually decided upon.
I extend my best wishes to my countrymen on the pious occasion of Vasant Panchami.
Despite rising oil prices, inflation is within the mandated range.
PM will inaugurate Hollong Modular Gas Processing Plant in Tinsukia, Assam.
Our tree and forest cover has also increased by one percent in the last two years.
I salute all the brave people from the depths of my heart.
It is indeed sad that we kept on calling the events of 1857 only as a rebellion or a soldiers’ mutiny for a very long time.
It is because of such efforts that we have improved significantly on the Ease of Doing Business rankings from 142 to 77”.
Lokmanya Tilak was full of courage and self-confidence.
PM will lay foundation stone of Sulwade Jamphal Kanoli Lift Irrigation Scheme.
I thank Keidanren, JETRO and other organisations for helping us in this process.
And therefore the most effective medicine that exists for memory recall is relaxation.
Over sixteen thousand kilometres of gas pipeline has been constructed and an additional eleven thousand kilometers is under construction.
He said that with the Statue of Unity, India has given itself today, a towering inspiration for the future.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today addressed the Y4D New India Conclave in New Delhi.
In the course of the day, the Prime Minister interacted with people in Kavaratti, and Kanyakumari.
Praising the Bohra community, PM Modi said that it is his good fortune to have received the affection of Bohra community.
At Dwarka, he will lay the Foundation Stones of a bridge between Okha and Beyt Dwarka; and other road development projects.
vi) Training in administration and management of health services and Hospitals;
On this occasion I extend my heartfelt gratitude to all the officers and jawans of Coast Guard for their service to the Nation.
The Alliance aims at a solar capacity of 1000 Giga Watt with an investment of one trillion US Dollars by 2030.
There are also some limits placed on the withdrawals from ATMs and bank for the very short run.
President Xi and I will exchange views on a range of issues of bilateral and global importance.
I was reading an old interview with the celebrated Army officer samManekshaw.
The exhibition showcases over a hundred good practices and applications.
In addition to Kathmandu, I am also looking forward to visiting Janakpur and Muktinath.
The remaining part of the land will be managed in accordance with the guidelines of the Department of Investment & Public Assets Management (DIPAM) and Department of Public Enterprises (DPE).
The independence of the judiciary is a basic feature of the Indian Constitution.
Your contribution is deeply valued across Sri Lanka and beyond.
Along with this, they are undergoing a training course in skill development.
Today also, one Japanese township has been announced.
He mentioned the roll-out of GST, auctioning of natural resources, insurance and banking sector reforms, and skill development, among others.
71 countries, including India, participated therein.
On 31 May, I will visit the India-Singapore enterprise and innovation exhibition.
Prime Minister Modi and President Xi reviewed developments in India-China relations from the strategic and long-term perspective.
We have to take everyone and every section of the society along to take the country forward.
Singapore entities have become major partners with India in areas like urban development, planning, smart cities and infrastructure development.
And, what was the main focus of all these great men?
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has congratulated Mariyappan Thangavelu on winning gold and Varun Singh Bhati for the bronze at the Rio 2016 Paralympics.
He said the trust on the postman remains, despite the advent of modern technology.
Today, we have with us Ministers from several African countries.
But it is good that the monsoon is moving ahead on schedule on its natural course.
We asserted our supremacy in the world by introducing Tejas aircraft.
“Saddened by the loss of lives and destruction in Indonesia caused by the Tsunami after the eruption of a volcano.
Cars made in India by a Japanese car maker are already selling in Japan.
A memorandum was received from the Chief Minister of Mizoram, who could not make it to the meeting in person.
I appealed to people to give a book instead of bouquet as a greeting.
His slogan “Jai Jawan, Jai Kisan” is the hall mark of his grand personality.
There are more than 8 lakh doctors.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that the total worth of projects which were either inaugurated, or for which the Foundation Stone was laid today, is over Rs. 14,000 crore.
In this, India can be a valuable partner.
Attempts were even made to reduce the faith that Indians had on them, he added.
It will also enable assistance in collection of tax revenue claims between both countries.
And I’m hopeful that Tamil Nadu will not lag behind in this race and it will strive to achieve this goal..
Today is the 9thof August.
Will also address a public meeting.
He appreciated the people of the Nicobar Islands for their spirit and hard work in rebuilding the islands after the tsunami.
Every month, hundreds of poor patients are benefitting from these camps.
The Prime Minister later inaugurated the Patanjali Research Institute in Haridwar district.
Towards this end, the Prime Minister’s interaction will bring together various stakeholders involved in the mission.
“I bow to Guru Ravidas Ji on the special occasion of Guru Ravidas Jayanti.
Our present is encouraging us to work together.
If you have pursuit of knowledge as your focal point, then by itself you try to acquire and attain a lot more.
Our conversation covered the full range of bilateral relationship.
The Prime Minister said technology is useful only if it provides benefit to the common man.
Through radio I connect every month with millions of families.
Our partnership will also extend to combating terrorism, organized crime, drugs and human trafficking.
City Gas Distribution ensures the supply of cleaner fuel (PNG) to households, industrial & commercial units.
The #Sandesh2Soldiers campaign is expected to generate increased interaction between the people and the Armed Forces.
My participation in the Summit symbolises India’s highest priority to our neighbourhood and our strong commitment to continue deepening our relationship with the extended neighbourhood in South-East Asia.
Investments by AIIB in sustainable infrastructure can impact the lives of billions of people.
The Prime Minister will arrive in Port Blair on the evening of 29th December.
Second, a series of Jan Aushadi Kendras were started throughout the country.
Even people have started exchanging Khadi items as gifts.
Sports are considered a waste of time in our society.
They invest their lifetime savings only on the basis of just one signature of yours.
India is now the most preferred investment destination in this sector.
I, once again convey my best wishes to all.
Sometimes there is a story of an innovation to bring about cleanliness or winds of change that get ushered due to an official’s zeal.
His biggest contribution in the Freedom struggle was that he made it an expansive “Jan-Aandolan” (People’s Movement).
The PM-SYM along with the health coverage provided under ‘Ayushman Bharat’ and life & disability coverage provided under ‘Pradhan Mantri Jeevan Jyoti Bima Yojana’ and ‘Pradhan Mantri Suraksha Bima Yojana, will ensure comprehensive social security coverage for the workers in the unorganized sector at their old age.
It will have the original verses of Bhagwad Gita along with commentary.
Those nations who leave their heritage behind, are destined to lose their identity, he added.
I am happy to see such a large participation of Energy Ministers from producing and consuming nations, Heads of International Organisations and CEOs in this forum.
The Prime Minister said that the government is committed to ensure timely completion of all the projects.
Saddened by his demise.
If we remain vigilant, we can now save our children from returning to those evil ways of violence and cruelty.
These amendments have brought our arbitration process in tune with global best practices.
Till August 2017, Indian soldiers had lent their services in about 50 of the total of 71 Peacekeeping operations undertaken by the UN the world over.
It will facilitate effective institutional interaction between India and Thailand.
Our thoughts and prayers are with the victims and their families.
During the last three years, everyone in his or her own way has contributed towards water conservation and water management.
She was a woman who could live a luxurious life but she dedicatedly worked for the poor.
Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel took on the reins of weaving a unified India.
This gives us new hope.
The Prime Minister invited Kazakhstan to become a member of the International Solar Alliance.
Once again, my best wishes to all of you on the occasion of Ramnavami.
He said that today’s launch of IPPB is one more step to achieve this objective.
The Prime Minister explained the significance of both the Intellectual Quotient, and the Emotional Quotient, in the life of a student.
India’s biggest tax reform, the GST has been introduced recently.
It gets inspiration through the teachings of Truth from Gautam Buddha and Mahatma Gandhi.
Out-bound tourism from India is growing at one of the fastest rates in the world.
I would like to share positive outcome of the budget session.
The quest for solace from the stresses of modern life, often drives people to tobacco, alcohol, or even drugs.
Through Jan Dhan Yojana, social security schemes, MUDRA & Stand-Up India, we have given wings to millions of aspirations.
My best wishes to all the students who’re going to appear for their examinations, their parents and all the teachers as well.
In that context, India has to make its place in the world, he added.
Over the past two and a half years, more than Rs. 1.25 lakh crore of black money has been brought into the open.
She gave utmost importance to education and social reform.
The recommendations of these sub-groups have been incorporated by various Ministries of the Union Government, he added.
This is the fourth interaction by the Prime Minister through video bridge series with various beneficiaries of Government schemes.
May the blessings of the mighty Himalayas be with you.
The Prime Minister also noted that Bhuj would get a modern bus port, like other cities in Gujarat.
As reported by the Swiss Bank Authorities, the black money deposits of Indian Nationals have a hit a record all time low.
He added that it also creates trust among the common people, which is the key to ‘New India.’
Establishment of a security dialogue in order to develop a comprehensive action plan on security cooperation.
A large number of private companies have been connected to the portal.
In that interview, field Marshal Sam Manekshaw was reminiscing on times when he was a Colonel.
They have always displayed a unique spirit in times of natural calamities like storms, cyclones, floods and forest fires to extend full assistance to our countrymen.
We have also done well in the field of wildlife conservation.
I strongly condemn the violence and urge everyone to maintain peace.
He was accompanied by the senior officials of the Bank.
My thoughts are with his family and well-wishers in this hour of grief.
He popularized India’s music traditions globally.
The PM added,“It is our constant endeavour to simplify procedures for small entrepreneurs.
It is, therefore, surprising for me to know that there had never been a bilateral visit by an Indian Prime Minister to Portugal.
Today, the 11th August, reminds us of a significant event in history.
He said that the shared resolve of India and Bangladesh, against cruelty and terrorism, will continue to inspire future generations through the Bangladesh Bhavan.
As a society, as a nation, the 2 minute tribute of silence on 30th January at 11 am, should become our instinctive nature.
This metro project has several significant features.
Such is the scale of opportunity that is waiting to be tapped.
He visited the Museum and Exhibition, and the Viewers’ Gallery.
AIIB started its financing operations in January 2016.
He appreciated the officers who have been instrumental in facilitating this change.
The Ceylon Estate Workers Education Trust (CEWET) was set up way back in 1947 in order to encourage promising students to continue their studies.
Outcome of the Budget Session
He added that their efforts have ensured that Indian Passport is respected everywhere.
Under this scheme, over 10 crore families will be provided health assurance worth Rs. 5 lakh each, every year.
The European Investment Bank has lent over one billion Euros to India towards environmentally sustainable projects including the Lucknow Metro.
The Prime Minister appreciated the State Government, and all other agencies for the response to the flood situation so far.
My dear countrymen, ‘Mann – Ki – Baat’ has garnered accolades; it has also attracted criticism.
He urged the members to raise awareness among the community about their rights.
We agreed that there is an urgent need for all countries to decisively act against those states who generate, support, shelter and sustain these factories of violence in our regions.
A single game is known by distinct names at different places.
The Government has taken a number of steps to boost investment.
India is also the world’s biggest milk producer.
Acting against corruption
He mentioned that these initiatives are changing the lives of ordinary people.
He said the brand of Amul is known globally, and has become an inspiration worldwide.
“सबका साथ सबका विकास” can be the guiding light for action and cooperation in South Asia.
Another noteworthy aspect of this project is that nearly one thousand women and twenty-three transgenders are being selected to work in the Kochi Metro Rail System.
During the interaction, Prime Minister urged the awardees to mobilize the community and to make them an integral part of school development.
This festival is now also celebrated in some parts of the world.
I congratulate him on his success.
The ten questions in the Survey are as follows:
He said that more number of generic medicines are now available for the people which will not only reduce the cost of health care but also save many precious lives.
At a public event to mark the 75th anniversary of the hoisting of Tricolour on Indian soil by Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose, the Prime Minister released a commemorative postal stamp, coin, and First Day Cover.
Diversity calls for celebration; and not confrontation.
He added that its implementation is a complex task that may well be the subject of future case-studies.
In Singapore I will be focusing on enhancing India-Singapore partnership in areas of Fintech, skill development, urban planning and artificial intelligence.
The Earth is our mother and we all are her children.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has saluted Babu Jagjivan Ram on his birth anniversary.
Creating an enabling environment for business and attracting investments remains my top priority.
The Prime Minister said, ” Congratulations to M Venkaiah Naidu Garu on being elected India’s Vice President.
Speaking on the occasion, he said that the Archaeological Survey of India has performed significant work over the course of the last 150 years or so.
There was appreciation for India’s economic reform agenda, including GST.
From Dehradun to Dublin, from Shanghai to Chicago, from Jakarta to Johannesburg, everywhere, there is Yoga all around.
The Air Force also retaliated befittingly in 1965 too.
He said that people should take a lead in knowing about local history, and archaeology of their towns, cities and regions.
The growing conver-gence between India and Japan on strategic and economic issues has the capacity to stimulate the global economy.
Captain Mithali Raj has been leading from the front.
So, it is indeed an honour for me to welcome such a great friend and strong supporter of India.
He also inaugurated the Super Specialty Block of KIMS in Hubali, the Income Tax Appellate Tribunal building in Bangalore and the Women’s Hostel for Students from North Eastern Region at Bangalore University, through the press of button.
This Rudraksh will be a gar-land of love of Japan for Varanasi.
The molecular oncology department of the institute was designated a “Centre of Excellence” in 2007 by the Union Government.
I wish you success in your efforts.
By practicing Yoga, a spirit of oneness is created – oneness of the mind, body and the intellect.
It is the third largest in terms of purchasing power parity.
The grid is part of Government’s plan to provide cheap and quality gas to the entire North East Region.
Bilateral cooperation in the field of food processing between India and Japan will be mutually beneficial to the food processing sector in both countries.
Members of the Club des Chefs des Chefs (Club of Presidential Chefs from across the Globe), called on the Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi today.
In this context, let me outline a ten-point agenda for renewing our efforts towards disaster risk reduction:
He said the stress has been on preventive healthcare, and improving affordability and access to treatment.
The MoU was signed in May 2017 during the visit of the Palestinian Minister of Foreign Affairs to India.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has welcomed and conveyed best wishes to all teams taking part in the FIFA U-17 World Cup.
He remarked that he has himself visited the North East more than 25 times in the last 4 years.
The agreement on trade remedies signed today would strengthen our trade partnership further.
“Successful test firing of Agni V makes every Indian very proud.
And finally, bring about greater cohesion in international response to disasters.
PM has directed Insurance Companies to hold special camps for assessment & timely release of compensation to the affected families/beneficiaries under Social Security Schemes.
He said that the Tarakote Marg would provide an alternative route to the Mata Vaishno Devi Shrine, which would facilitate pilgrims.
When we get to know the in depth details of their courage, bravery, valour in detail, we are filled with astonishment and pride and we also get inspired!
The areas of cooperation on Youth matters includes exchanges of youth, representatives of youth organizations, and government officials in-charge of youth policy-making.
Khadi and handloom have transformed the lives of the poorest of the poor and are emerging as a powerful means of empowering them.
Today, I got the opportunity to launch the new Chartered Accountancy Course Curriculum.
Our solidarity with the bereaved families.
This award would be given for outstanding efforts to further national integration.
But if we don’t have any trust in our own strength and capabilities then no one will accept it.
This Act will play an effective role in curbing crimes against women and girls.
His answers were embellished with wit, humour and a number of different illustrative examples.
One of the focal points of ‘ParikshaPeCharcha’ was that there were lively interactions on various topics related with the entire process of examinations.
He said that a teacher remains a teacher throughout life.
We are the world’s second largest exporter of shrimps.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will visit Andaman & Nicobar Islands on 29th-30th December 2018.
3. Exhibition on Futuristic Technologies and Space Exploration which offers a vision of the future of space travel.
The Prime Minister said that if India wants to make a place for itself in global trade, it should have the best of arrangements in the port sector.
In this context, he also recalled his meeting with the High Commissioner of India to Sri Lanka today morning.
He said that this event is an occasion to honour Sarpanches who have contributed immensely to the movement towards a Clean India.
Have asked Defence Ministry to further step up the rescue and relief operations across the state.
You see, if all the people of one state will do this, then I will ask the government to do a scrutiny of it and prepare publicity material based on seven common things received from each state.
We aim to make a big leap in the ocean economy through the blue revolution.
The Sides noted the importance of expansion of collaboration in aluminium sector.
This figure shows the enthusiasm and inclination of the youth of Tamil Nadu towards the self employment.
We recognize the need for urgent measures to counter and prevent the spread of terrorism, violent extremism and radicalization.
He said this indicates India’s quest for global benchmarks.
This is the seventh interaction in the series by the Prime Minister through video conference with various beneficiaries of Government schemes.
Another example of scale would be the Renewable Energy Programme in India.
This line will boost Tripura as the gateway to South and Southeast Asia.
The time has come for this to be seriously considered and debated.
The Army has resolved to wipe out terrorists and their harbourers.
Let us join hands even more closely and strongly.
The Prime Minister directed efficient and stringent monitoring of rural roads construction and their quality.
He will then arrive at the Wall of Unity, and inaugurate it.
This multitude of young people leave their homes for the first time to chart a new direction for their lives.
Sometimes it also appears that we are not able to perceive examinations in a proper perspective.
It is my particular pleasure to welcome Excellency the Prime Minister of Portugal, the Vice President of Suriname, the honourable Ministers from Malaysia and Mauritius to the event.
My dear countrymen, in “Mann Ki Baat”, we talk about those persons and institutions who make extra-ordinary contribution for the society.
Now, the continent finds itself at the centre of global economic activity.
The Prime Minister will address the Centenary Celebrations of Patna University.
He said if America becomes stronger, India will be a natural beneficiary.
Yoga is a guarantee of both fitness and wellness.
Addressing the gathering, the Prime Minister said that such Unnati Melas play a key role in paving the way for New India.
He said Varanasi is among the select cities in the country where Piped Cooking Gas is being made available.
Memorandum of Understanding between the Ministry of Economic Development of the Russian Federation and the National Institution for Transforming India (NITI Aayog)
The dream of “Ek Bharat – Shreshtha Bharat” is inherent in this.
At the event, there was mass chanting of Soundarya Lahari.
The MoU will be a step forward in engaging with the institutions of Saudi Arabia to attract a potential investment into the infrastructure sector in the country.
People are writing in from far and wide.
An unprecedented number of countries from across the world, joined hands with us.
India has a robust strategic partnership with all the three countries.
He said this constructive atmosphere should be used to move swiftly towards the creation of New India.
The South Asia Satellite tells us that even the sky is not the limit when it comes to regional cooperation among like-minded countries.
Nordic solutions in clean technologies, maritime solutions, port modernisation, food processing, health, life-sciences and agriculture were mentioned.
He said India believes that the world is one family, and is fulfilling its global responsibilities.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has condoled the loss of lives due to cyclone in Tamil Nadu.
The Prime Minister said that India has no shortage of capabilities, capacities and resources.
We regard thriving two-way trade and investment flows as the bedrock of a strong partnership.
The Prime Minister said the bridge will bring about a positive change in the lives of the common people.
The flood situation in Kerala has been continuously and closely monitored by the Union Government.
Almost all the countries in the world made Yoga Day their own.
Portals and Social Media associated with Consumer Protection have also been integrated.
During the operation, a sailor from Thailand Navy sacrificed his life.
50 health and wellness centers in Arunachal Pradesh will be inaugurated by PM .
Recently, the Government of India has standardized the specifications for rolling stock and signalling systems of metro rail.
During the interaction, Prime minister urged the sports persons to use technology as an aid to improve their performance.
The security of these forts was the responsibility of the Maratha Navy.
He said that developing a close rapport with people, is one of the keys to achieving success in their tasks and objectives.
So we will together build such an India where the poor will have Pucca House with electricity and water.
Our goal is to build a relationship that reflects our shared priorities and draws on enduring bonds between our peoples.
He later addressed a large gathering at the function to dedicate Kochi Metro to the nation.
He added that that India would become great and healthy only when its 125 crore citizens are healthy.
This provides a mechanism to capture the increased land value.
India and Russia pledged to cooperate with each other to achieve these goals.
He expressed confidence that everyone would work together to complete this project in the shortest possible time.
Talking of technology, he appealed for assistance in areas where high pressure and high temperature technology applications are relevant to commercial exploitation of natural gas.
The impediments encountered earlier in the grant and process of award, have been removed.
He said the Union Government is placing great emphasis on the development of waterways as well.
We celebrate Air Force Day on the 8th of October.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has paid homage to Bhagwan Birsa Munda, on his birth anniversary.
Prime Minister Modi and Prime Minister Abe will hold the 12th India-Japan Annual Summit, at Mahatma Mandir in Gandhinagar, Gujarat on the 14th of September.
Fifty cities in India are ready to implement metro rail projects.
This visit takes place as both countries mark a decade of our strategic partnership.
Therefore, good health is a collective effort of personal well-being and environmental well-being.
Today solar energy is gaining popularity in India.”
PM distributed certificates to the beneficiaries of various schemes.
In fact, we are now living through what many have termed the ‘Asian Century’.
Yoga can prove to be a strong pillar to lead a life of discipline and development.
“Remembering Shyamji Krishna Varma on his birth anniversary.
President Widodo thanked the Prime Minister for the condolence and the offer of assistance.
My dear countrymen, in our country, there is a Neelakurinji flower which blooms once every 12 years.
The hospital will bring comprehensive yet affordable cancer care to patients in UP, Jharkhand, Bihar, Uttarakhand and, even, neighbouring countries like Nepal.
The Prime Minister noted that the freedom struggle became a mass movement due to the visionary efforts of Mahatma Gandhi.
However, we should not forget that all the work was not done merely by the government, money, planning or power.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today addressed the Centenary Celebrations of Patna University.
The Prime Minister encouraged the officers to develop a connect, with the people around them, and with the people they serve, in course of their duties.
I extend my best wishes to all countrymen for these festivals.
We have added more capacity to renewable energy than conventional energy in 2017.
Within hours, the video has generated tremendous interest on platforms such as Twitter and Facebook.
He reaffirmed India’s commitment to a robust and strong bilateral strategic partnership with the US.
• Along with the High Speed Rail project, a training institute is also taking shape.
He said that Under Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana, a massive campaign to provide a permanent house to the poors in cities and villages is underway.
Forts are symbols of our heritage.
This payment was ensured through sugar mills to farmers.
We get the mantra to enable the society to fight against blind-faith through devotion and bhakti.
Investors look for growth and macro-economic stability.
The Prime Minister spoke of cooperation between India and Israel for innovation in areas such as food, water, health and energy.
Government debt as percentage of GDP is consistently declining.
It offers a spectacular view of the Sardar Sarovar Dam, its reservoir, and the Satpura and Vindhya mountain ranges.
He also encouraged the jawans to innovate, so that their routine tasks and duties become easier and safer.
It is a huge psychological battle.
Interacting with the Prime Minister, the awardees narrated their inspirational stories in transforming their schools into centres of learning and excellence.
Grand parents, parents and children should together perform Yoga and also upload their photos.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has been apprised of the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) on India-Italy Cooperation in Renewable Energy between India and Italy.
In June this year, we have further relaxed our FDI regime.
The PM took a round through the memorial.
If a family itself continues to demoralise a child in the family and if that family expects that the kid will be respected in the locality then it is not possible.
The Prime Minister asserted that the youth of India respects Sardar Patel, and his contribution towards the building of our nation.
A glimpse of his life span reflects a glimpse of the entire India.
He said that besides the sugar sector, we should also think of globally competitive bamboo products.
He also distributed the PM-SYM pension cards to select beneficiaries.
From the point of larger scale of operations and higher value addition, an investor is also attracted by a large domestic market size, availability of skilled labour and good physical infrastructure.
Such events gained more popularity with the passage of time.
The Indian Diaspora in Portugal has played an important role in deepening our bilateral ties.
Prime Minister laid the foundation stone of sewerage network project for the western part of Agra. under AMRUT scheme.
I am happy to note that the State Government has announced 19th June as the reading day.
The Prime Minister said that out of the 500 biggest companies in the world, one-fourth belong to the public sector in some country.
Dr. Abdullah conveyed Afghanistan’s deep appreciation for India’s continuing support for infrastructure development and capacity building in Afghanistan.
He called upon all present, to work towards 100 percent sanitation coverage by October 2, 2019, the 150th birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi.
Our economic ties continue to follow an upward trajectory.
The Facility has the largest underground storage compartment in the country.
On the side-lines of this event, I hope the delegates joining us from abroad, shall have some time to see the history and splendour of Delhi.
Cultural and People-to-People Links
He said Kashi is now emerging as a health hub.
The presentation on “Energy and Environment” included suggestions related to various energy sources, and energy efficiency.
He will join in the celebrations to mark one-year of the State Government.
Today, in the twenty-second meeting, the Prime Minister reviewed the progress towards handling and resolution of grievances related to the banking sector.
It is a rare opportunity for you people as well.
The Government and the people of Japan have always shown great affection towards me and my country.
The Government is firmly committed to the path of fiscal consolidation.
Trade Unions so recognized would be accountable in maintaining industrial harmony.
On similar lines, on the 25th of December, I learnt of the loss of SulagittiNarsamma in Karnataka.
The Union Government attaches topmost importance to the development of eastern India, he added.
The Government and the opposition – both are putting forth their view points.
Congratulations to our junior hockey team for winning the Junior Hockey World Cup.
The movement should not be limited to make people literate.
Exchanged by
“On World Toilet Day we reaffirm our commitment towards improving sanitation facilities across our nation.
Last month onwards, they have started broadcasting versions in regional languages, immediately after the broadcast of my ‘Mann Ki Baat’.
All leading agencies such as IMF, World Bank, and ADB are estimating India to grow at 7 to 8 percent in the near future.
While speaking on Shri Pranab Mukherjee he said, “Pranab Da is an outstanding statesman of our times.
Financial assistance worth Rs.2 lakh will be provided to the family of each of the deceased while assistance worth Rs. 50,000 will be provided to the persons who are seriously injured in the flood hit areas.
These are just a few examples.
Officials are working towards providing all possible assistance in the wake of the cyclone.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today attended a Sahkar Sammelan in New Delhi, on the occasion of the birth centenary celebrations of Shri Laxmanrao Inamdar.
As per UNCTAD’s World Investment Report, India continues to be one of the top FDI destinations in the world.
I am delighted that younger generation is taking interest in knowing about our history, about our freedom fighters and about those who made sacrifices for the country.
1. Exchange & training of medical doctors, officials, other health professionals and experts;
The Prime Minister also conveyed his warm regards to H. E. Tun Dr. Mahathir Mohamad, Prime Minister of Malaysia.
It has the capacity to make a better society and nation.
This is changing the supply paradigm (पैरा-डाइम);
I look forward to many more shining successes.
The Prime Minister tweeted that the Centre has assured all support to the Bihar government to mitigate the flood situation and that the situation is being monitored closely.
A few days ago, the country’s beloved poet Neeraj Ji left us forever.
India itself has been battling cross border terrorism for decades.
He was a stalwart loved and respected across all sections of society, he added.
The other three terminals are under construction at Sahibganj, Haldia and Gazipur.
Water that belongs to India cannot be allowed to go to Pakistan, he added.
Calling for focus on preventive healthcare, the Prime Minister said that the Swachh Bharat Abhiyan is linked to efforts towards a healthier India.
He outlined several other steps that are being taken to improve “ease of access to justice.”
The first 100 percent literate city and first 100 percent literate district have been from Kerala.
Now, we are a globally integrated economy.
He said this would eliminate middlemen, and result in savings for the government.
So I would like to know your views concerning the current direction of education and its future course.”
Five (5) Companies of BSF, CISF and RAF’s have been deployed in the State to carry out rescue and relief measures.
In the same vein, he said that Gurudev Rabindranath Tagore belongs to Bangladesh, as much as to India.
Progress of the National Optical Fibre Network was reviewed.
If the youth of a country possess these qualities, that country will progress not only in areas such as Economy and Science & Technology but also bring laurels home in the field of sports.
He said the Union Government aims to develop eastern India as the gateway to South-East Asia.
Social media is transforming disaster response.
Secretary Carter briefed Prime Minister on the progress in taking forward the decisions and understandings reached in June this year.
He had laid the foundation stone of this Institute in April 2015.
The world today, is also threatened by the twin challenges – terrorism, and climate change.
But now we live in independent India.
It is a tremendous honour to be the first Indian Prime Minister ever to visit this beautiful region of Sri Lanka.
Tomorrow, I will travel to Haifa to pay homage to our brave Indian soldiers.
The entire nation stands with the people of Northeast during this time.
It is realising it’s true potential and people’s aspirations are being fulfilled at a record pace.
I am happy to be part of the inauguration ceremony of Kochi Metro.
He added that for the Union Government, decisions are about national interest and not political gains.
The Prime Minister said that the efforts of the Government have led to India emerging as a bright spot in the global economy.
On our part, we would, of course, want greater influx of Japanese investments.
As there are no middlemen, the goods are available at very reasonable rates.
He said that from conventional teaching, our universities need to move towards innovative learning.
Acknowledging the greetings of the Anganwadi workers, the Prime Minister expressed his happiness that they had assembled from all parts of the country to meet him today.
I share with you the strong commitment to take our bilateral engagement to a new level.
Our efforts are showing results in terms of economic growth and development.
All of us pay tributes to the martyrs who sacrificed their lives for the motherland, by observing silence for 2 minutes at 11 am on 30th January.
Addressing the media at Ahmedabad Airport, the Prime Minister said Gujarat had faced heavy rains for the past week.
Most beneficiaries said that the there has been an overall improvement in the quality of life.
The Prime Minister responded at length to various questions raised by the delegation members.
Today is the birth anniversary of Veer Savarkarjee.
Incorporating a company is now just a one day affair.
Reviewing the coal sector, the Prime Minister called for renewed efforts towards underground mining and coal gasification, through infusion of latest technology inputs.
Through the course of the day, the Prime Minister held separate, detailed review meetings on the situation in the States of Assam, Arunachal Pradesh, Manipur and Nagaland.
Brothers and sisters, therefore it is extremely essential to create confidence in the minds of the common man by eliminating the deformities in our system.
E-commerce and trans-border mobility of people is resulting in increased cross border transactions.
This is not only highest ever FDI but also highest growth in FDI in India.
The Prime Minister appealed to citizens to help and enroll in PM-SYM, those working in the unorganized sector, whether it is in one’s house or in the neighborhood.
Dr. Abdul Kalam continued to work throughout his life to realize the dream of a developed India.
We have individually strived very hard to fight terrorism and violent extremism.
You speak one of the oldest-surviving classical languages in the world.
My dear countrymen, Namaskar!
From the time of the Upanishads persons with knowledge have been respected through the ages.
Every Indian is proud that these three great men belong to our land.
They agreed to continue efforts to develop cleaner energy systems, renewable energy and fuels, increased energy efficiency and technologies for cleaner energy production.
The Prime Minister said that he wishes to caution the country that certain forces are trying to put undue pressure on the judiciary.
Emphasizing the importance of food processing, the Prime Minister said lack of infrastructure is leading to huge losses in the agriculture sector.
And, it is a particular pleasure to jointly inaugurate this Conference with our friend and partner, President Ashraf Ghani of Afghanistan.
The Prime Minister said that emphasis is being given to enhance both infrastructural and emotional connectivity in the entire North Eastern region, at a rapid rate.
Similarly, he said, social justice is an important governance objective.
v) Hospital twinning for exchange of good practices;
With their collective efforts, they have not only changed their own fortunes but have changed fortunes of the whole region.
16 year old player Tabaabi Devi hails from a village in Manipur.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today attended the centenary year celebrations of Sabarmati Ashram in Gujarat.
UAE can benefit by linking with our growth in manufacturing and services.
3. Short term training of human resources in health;
Be it the relief and rescue work or disaster management, our country is indebted to our Air Force for the commendable efforts of our Air Warrior.
The Prime Minister said that Chief Ministers of States had played a key role in policy formulation, through sub-groups and committees on issues such as Swachh Bharat Mission, Digital Transactions, and Skill Development.
The govt. is also working towards the goal that every citizen of the country owns a house by 2022.
His futuristic policies across various sectors touched the lives of each and every citizen of India.
Towards this end, real-time monitoring towards progress of nutrition outcomes was discussed, especially in the worst performing districts.
That’s why the state government has been provided every help for the development of basic facilities.
He described GST as a “Good and Simple Tax” which would ultimately benefit the people.
Our defence scientists too, have made India proud.
My Dear Countrymen, Namaskar
Now some people may ask why I have picked up those two years only.
• Identified areas of mutual cooperation include safe and sustainable infrastructure and integrated water management.
The patience, discipline, and resolve displayed by 125 crore Indians, will play a critical role in shaping the future of the nation for years to come.
Some listeners send photo graphs of the efforts undertaken by children whereas others mention the role of youth in these efforts.
He said countries of the world wish to walk with India on the path of peace and stability.
The nation is always ready to move in the right direction.
Prime Minister will also visit the exhibition set up on the occasion atRajpath lawns.
The Prime Minister described the relationship between India and Israel as one of traditions, culture, trust and friendship.
Her cool approach to the game shall surely help the entire team.
Our domestic market has been fragmented.
He made unwavering efforts towards serving the post-partition refugees in Delhi.
I am happy to note that India and Brazil have finalized the text of a bilateral investment agreement.
In particular, he called for innovative approaches in areas such as skill development and tourism.
He expressed happiness that States are now organising investor summits.
In Port Blair, he laid a wreath at the Martyrs Column, and visited the Cellular Jail.
The resulting competition will increase the efficiency and effectiveness of our marketing companies.
Everybody is now getting connected with this Fit India Campaign.
Start-Ups have been given income tax exemption for three years.
It is natural for each one of us to feel proud of this great tradition of India.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has tweeted his prayers for all those people who are affected due to the adverse weather conditions caused by Cyclone Vardah.
Responding to a team that is working to create rural digital entrepreneurs, the Prime Minister said that it is important to create an India where everyone has equal opportunities.
To continue our commitment in this area, I am delighted to announce the construction of an additional ten thousand houses in upcountry areas under this project.
Obviously, a lot of effort will converge to make this a popular activity.
It is estimated that there are more than crore engineers and management graduates in our country.
It is seen, this situation is coming up even at a comparatively younger age.
The resulting expansion of health care facilities will lead to the creation of a large number of jobs.
A clean and healthy India will spell a prosperous India also.
You will be glad to know that the productivity of Lok Sabha remained 118 percent and that of Rajya Sabha was 74 percent.
This is the result of our fight against black money.
The Prime Minister said that cleanliness, or Swachhta, is one of the most important aspects of preventive healthcare.
While appreciating the cultural significance of Jallikattu, the Prime Minister observed that the matter is presently sub-judice.
This will enhance mutual trust and trade.
Out of this, one million people are in the diamonds industry alone.
I have countless fond memories with him.
