The countrymen slept peacefully, so that these brave sons kept them together day and night.
We have a strong and favourable investment policy framework to promote domestic hydrocarbon production.
Armed Forces across the world know the importance of supply chains.
The Prime Minister congratulated the medal winners for exemplary performance in the international arena.
It is rapidly helping agencies and makes it easy for citizens to contact relevant authorities.
Sister Nivedita Ji restored the pride of Indian culture.
The Indian side expressed its intention to increase imports of fertilizers from Russia.
The occasion is considered to be the worship of Vidya.
The Prime Minister appealed for efforts towards water conservation and water management at the war level.
We all remember that a few days ago, ISRO successfully launched GSAT-19.
Whenever hockey is discussed in the world, the story of hockey will remain incomplete without these great players of India.
Several important bills were passed during this session to benefit the youth and backward communities.
This traditional calendar shows how old our relationship with natural and astronomical phenomena is.
In his message, the Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, said, "Congratulations on World Environment Day.
New AIIMSs are being opened in different states to provide better treatment and health facilities to people across the country.
So many new people have been trained - to vote.
This also saves crores of rupees of the large consumer class associated with the poor and middle class.
The capacity of the NDRF to handle the situation through its commitment and quick decision has become a new pillar of devotion for every Indian.
Everyone should dream of the next Olympics.
He said that this goal has been achieved in about 17,000 villages recently.
India and Russia recognize the establishment of a multipolar world in international relations under the natural and inevitable process of developing interstate relations in the 21st century.
In this event, we won 3 medals in mixed event besides 13 medals.
It is estimated that there are 1 to 1.5 lakh knee transplants every year in India.
I believe that we are at a moment of great opportunity in our relations with Sri Lanka.
The Agreement between the Government of the Republic of India and the Government of the Republic of Armenia on Cooperation and Mutual Assistance in Customs matters shall be signed by the Government of India and the national legal requirements necessary for the implementation of this Agreement have been met.
The members shared their views on the long history of the two countries as well as their maritime relations.
I am saddened by the passing of George Sahab.
Our soldiers also did yoga in Sichuan, where the temperature is minus 20, 25, 40 degrees.
The mapping of disasters is necessary for example for earthquakes we need to have broadly accepted standards and norms.
The main features of this tunnel are as follows:
The Prime Minister also highlighted the immense potential of tourism in the North East region.
He said we must move towards transparent and resilient markets for both oil and gas.
Dear countrymen, February 1, 2017 marks 40 years of the Indian Coast Guard.
He said that the Muslim community will not allow any conspiracy against India to succeed.
The Prime Minister appreciated the progress made in bilateral cooperation in the field of defence technology.
My condolences to his entire family, friends and supporters in this sad time.
As I am speaking to you today, the holy month of Ramadan has begun.
They will provide certificates to the beneficiaries of various schemes.
This is the session when the country has had the opportunity to elect a new President and a new Vice President.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi today inaugurated the modern super specialty Rasilaben Sewanthilaal Shah Venus As Pathal in Surat.
He said that High Speed Corridors will emerge as a rapidly growing area in the future.
India's 1.25 crore citizens will welcome with new resolve, new spirit, new spirit, new dreams.
And for this you must take tough steps too.
In June 2015, I had the opportunity to welcome you to India.
On behalf of the people and villagers of Gujarat and Maharashtra who benefit from the Narmada River, the Prime Minister thanked the people and Government of Madhya Pradesh for the Narmada Saviya Yatra.
The Prime Minister said that the Central Government will do everything it can to ensure that farmers have sufficient water supply.
India invites them to provide economic opportunity to the world in our country.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has mourned the passing of K. Karunanidhi.
He said that as a society, it is essential to stay connected to our history.
There is a huge need for roads, railways and waterways.
We always learn something from saints, from sages, from the Muṇis, from the great men.
Brothers and sisters, a big decision has been made in this year's budget to bring the farmers fair prices of crops.
He has always encouraged 125 crore countrymen to achieve this goal.
Efficiency in energy use is essential.
This month, a 20-year-old daughter from Pune, Vedangi Kulkarni, became the fastest Asian woman to cycle around the world.
My dear countrymen, the Ganesh festival is coming in a few days.
Do you not think that the movement of integrity needs to be strengthened for the good of the country?
To leave the house for the first time, to leave the village, to leave a protective environment, you have to become your own sarathi.
They have unique powers and insights.
We can see how much the electronic media of our country, the print media of our country can serve the country.
May you all benefit from the benefits of yoga.
59. The two sides reaffirmed their commitment to further strengthen nuclear non-proliferation on a global scale.
The Prime Minister said that if the unclean environment is not cleaned, a situation is promoted where anyone begins to accept those conditions.
Write a few stories about the people there, not just the buildings, not just the natural beauty.
He reiterated the commitment of the Union Government to provide universal coverage of seven major schemes to 45,000 additional villages in 115 aspirational districts by August 15, 2018.
• If the law is doing its job, we must work together towards those who are looking for a way to escape by talking about political conspiracy.
My dear brothers and sisters, yesterday we commemorated the Infantry Day.
The MoU was signed in April 2017.
The poison of casteism, the poison of communism, can never do the country any good.
The Prime Minister appreciated how with confidence and resilience poor women have fought against all the odds.
The National War Memorial near India Gate in New Delhi is a fitting tribute to our soldiers who gave their lives to protect the country after independence.
We have used technology to reach people.
Five of the most affected countries after the 2004 Indian Ocean tsunami have enacted new laws on disaster risk mitigation management.
There is no shortage of talent in the country.
This has been made possible by close cooperation between the Central Government and the State Governments as well as all political parties.
He started his practice in constitutional, taxation and corporate matters at Guwahati High Court.
The Prime Minister said that the people of Gujarat consider this the day after Diwali, the beginning of the new year.
The Union Government has recognized great national leaders including Sardar Patel, Baba Sahab Ambedkar and Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose.
Guru Gobind Singh, the tenth Guru of the Sikhs, has been a source of inspiration to the people through his teachings and ideals.
The Prime Minister told the Board members of USISPF that India and the US have benefited greatly from economic cooperation.
The Prime Minister said that these steps have benefited not only the poor but also the middle class.
From a foreign investor's perspective, India is considered to be the lowest risk political economy.
The exam you are going to take is the exam of what you have studied throughout the year.
I would like to congratulate the school people of Chandrampur, these my younger friends, very much from the heart.
The alliance of Made in India and Made by Japan has already started working brilliantly.
The Prime Minister said in his message, 'We are proud of Kidambi Srinkat's victory in the Australian Open.
Perhaps, even my words today will serve as a relaxation for you.
These experiences will enrich your life.
The MoU covers the following areas of cooperation:
Unveiling the expansion of healthcare system in Bihar, he said that this is a historic day for Bihar in terms of health infrastructure development.
The public Ganesh festival became an effective means of traditional devotion and celebration as well as promoting a sense of community-awareness, collectivity, harmony and equality among the people.
You are the leader of a great nation.
To those who are looking for opportunities in India, I promise that we are committed to further reform our policies and processes to promote Make in India.
13. Informing and informing citizens on hygiene and food safety and healthy eating habits
In the same period, 11,641 additional settlements have been connected to the roads.
Solar photovoltaic energy has become more economical than all other energy sources.
He also noted that sports also contribute to the growth of the body, building faith and overall development.
197 million bank accounts were opened in one year.
In fact, this event was not only reduced but also an attempt to boost our self - esteem.
Friends, the inflation curbs have also benefited the poor and middle class consumers.
After hockey, badminton has also brought good news for India.
He urged children to study hard and develop an interest in sports.
In his address to the country, the Prime Minister said, "I am saddened by the passing of Usad Hussain Saeeduddin Dagar.
Special notified zone in India Diamond Bursa has started from November, 2015.
Citing the example of dairy cooperatives, he said that the cooperative movement has the potential to solve people's problems.
New India is not possible without New Tamil Nadu.
Honey is a gift from nature to humans.
The Chief Ministers and senior officials of these states were also present at the meetings.
The Administrative Council reviews the work done during the past year and discusses future development priorities.
We noted that President Temer's priority includes reviving the domestic economic agenda in Brazil.
At the World Para Athletics Grand Prix 2018 in Tunisia, Ekta won Gold and Bronze medals.
Now this is the great strength of our tourism.
This has liberated rural women from the tragedy of toxic smoke.
All responsible persons in the Government have been asked to focus on normalizing the banking system.
He expressed confidence that Gujarat and the people of Gujarat will emerge strong and successfully from the flood challenge.
He also said that the Government will ensure that adequate agricultural loans are available.
We started the process of full membership in the Tashkent Meeting last year.
Even the micro-plastics are now entering our basic foodstuffs like salt, bottled water and tap water.
The Prime Minister said that the creation of Adi Shankaracharya could connect the ordinary human with the beauty wave.
Kochi was selected as Smart City in January 2016 under the first round of the challenge process.
Earlier this year, he was awarded the Padma Shri.
It provides for the establishment of a framework and friendly environment for understanding each other's strengths, markets, technology, policies etc.
In today's fast - paced life, yoga brings peace to the person by combining mind, body and spirit.
Just two days ago, I wrote a letter to all the governments and leaders of the world on Yoga Day.
In a few days we will celebrate the first International Tsunami Awareness Day.
But for me, it is my first time at Def-Expo.
This can only happen when long term investments in business are made which create employment opportunities and sustainable economic growth.
This is the true spirit of women empowerment across the country.
The programme like GST and the tough action against corruption have helped people to do business honestly.
Furthermore, under the new law, any application challenging the decision will be settled by the court within one year.
The bilateral relations between India and Russia are motivated by a deep understanding of issues of mutual interest.
He has served thousands of mothers and sisters in Karnataka, especially in remote areas.
The Prime Minister said, "Welcome and wishes to all the teams participating in the FIFA U-17 World Cup.
He helped to publish and promote Basu's research through his articles and conferences.
Uttarakhand and Haryana were also declared ODFs this week.
He said that the water for each farm has been envisaged in the Pradhan Mantri Agri Sikhya Yojana.
We are a young nation.
He praised the Prime Minister as a great leader and a global leader.
Every athlete representing India at the Commonwealth Games 2018 inspires us.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has extended his best wishes to the Air Force's heroic personnel and their families on Air Force Day.
It contributes to our energy security.
This will be the fourth annual summit between Prime Minister Modi and Prime Minister Abe.
The Prime Minister stressed that no country can progress without taking into account its history and heritage.
Responding to the people who had raised the slogan of the Swachhata Bharat from the Red Fort of the Prime Minister, he said that today, due to the widespread adoption of the Swachhata Bharat, 97 per cent of the population now have access to clean toilets.
The Prime Minister said that the Kashi Vishwanath Temple has maintained its existence despite suffering for centuries.
The girls here today are sewing from ordinary to fine clothes besides their own and their family clothes.
New laws have been made, old laws have been tightened.
The two sides agreed to convene a Ministerial and Coordination Meeting of INSTC on a priority basis.
He acknowledged that this is the single greatest threat to peace, stability and progress in the region.
It is also a welcome opportunity to hold joint talks with the India-Indonesia Executive Officers (CEO).
• The cow is considered the mother in our society.
Today, our fishermen take small boats to the sea.
To live a healthy life, hygiene is the first requirement.
In the year 2001, Atal Ji changed the time for presenting the Budget from 5 pm to 11 am.
But the reality of the House is that the judges are more troubled than the players.
The total sales of khadi and handicrafts have also seen an increase of almost 90 per cent this year from last year.
Addressing the gathering, the Prime Minister said that work is going on at a fast pace to ensure that every homeless person has a home by 2022.
The Prime Minister welcomed the leaders of the BRICS and BIMSTEC family ahead of the summit.
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi will inaugurate a section of the new Mezzanta line of Delhi Metro on December 25.
My dear countrymen, after the Diwali holidays, with new resolve, with new determination, you will all be reunited once again in your daily life.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that it is really important that the most senior and junior officials have long-term interaction.
India has managed to improve its rating after a long wait.
The results are already visible.
India will form an alliance or centre in this region with its other partner countries and stakeholders to promote disaster recovery infrastructure.
Jan Dhan Yojana has connected crores of people to the backing work system.
The Government has launched a series of transformative initiatives.
The two leaders also discussed the importance of enhancing connectivity.
Many Union Ministers and other dignitaries were present on the occasion.
He said that our youths can never be dismissed.
He said that this will be a tribute to Mahatma Gandhi on his 150th birthday in 2019.
I would urge once again to continue and intensify the campaign that Khadi has launched.
The beautiful landscape of Cyprus and the vast horizon of India can be a source of tourism promotion between the two countries.
First Lady of the Republic of Korea, Mrs. Kim congratulated the Prime Minister on being awarded the Sol Peace Prize.
The Prime Minister said, "I am saddened by the loss of lives due to landslides in Bangladesh.
Shri Vijay Rupani, Chief Minister of Gujarat;
The Prime Minister said that Postal Service has long been a respected and accepted figure in the villages.
India has shown tremendous resilience in a time of uncertainty in the global economy.
The Prime Minister said that today, Jan-Dhan Yojana has completed three years.
It will promote and spread the traditions and traditions of India in Colombia.
Even the average citizen, when he comes to this earth, has a different kind of divine feeling.
Skill India aims to ensure that newcomers in the labour force have the necessary skills to contribute to the economy of the 21st century.
He then reviewed an audio-visual presentation of experiences of selected beneficiaries of the Government of India and Rajasthan welfare schemes.
Even on Makar Sankranti, millions of people immerse themselves in holy rivers.
Stable, expected and transparent laws are redefining the nature of doing business in India.
Brothers and sisters, in the same way, some farmers in the mountainous region of Uttarakhand have become an inspiration to farmers across the country.
I had the opportunity to attend a very dearly loved event recently.
I hope that this will help us to move forward.
We are very pleased to have this opportunity to increase our engagement with the Bank and its members.
The Prime Minister said that this honour is an honour of the people of India.
Addressing a public meeting, the Prime Minister congratulated all those who worked for this landmark.
Congratulations to Tejaswini Sawant for winning the gold medal in the women's 50m rifle 3 position competition.
Thousands of children painted.
This was the ninth in a series of dialogues of the Prime Minister with the beneficiaries of various Government schemes through video program.
India has been home to many sages who have served and improved society.
Similarly, you are seeing that the discussion is going on in the country about holding the Central and State elections simultaneously.
He asked the authorities to draw up an action plan during the Revenue Knowledge Sangam to reduce the delay of these cases.
He said that the semi-Kumbha will show how New India integrates both heritage and modernity.
We are also working tirelessly together as an International Solar Alliance to bring solar energy to the mainstream.
The review meeting lasted for about two hours, with the participation of the top officials of the Ministries concerned with Infrastructure, NITI Aayog and the Prime Minister's Office.
Now electricity has reached every village in our country.
This is the first event of its kind in South Asia.
17. All States have a problem of widespread vaccination.
10 days ago, India - Mother lost her brave sons.
He repeated the mantra of Shri Inamdar of 'Sacram, Not Cooperation'.
The Prime Minister said that spiritual institutions in India have been the hubs of spreading social reform.
26. The Russian side invited the Indian side to invest in the Russian Far East.
We are also partners in South Africa's skills development efforts.
The game was played in almost every state.
The two leaders also agreed to promote bilateral trade and investment in a balanced and sustainable manner, taking advantage of the beneficial arrangements between the two countries.
This was conceived by Prime Minister Abe and I when we visited Varanasi together in 2015.
He said that the deep and mutually beneficial relationship between India and Malaysia is based on shared values, interests and strong vibrant contacts between the people of both countries.
He underlined that the project was approved in January 2015 and is now available for use.
It is painful to see people suffering from disasters.
The government's thinking will also be discussed and I think very good debate will also be held in the session.
Consumers are also being made aware through the Jago-Customer Jago campaign.
I look forward to meeting with the politicians and friends of Nepal.
He said that the effort to change the tourism sector is a continuous effort.
The new Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code will make it easier for investors to exit their business.
He also interacted with some researchers and beneficiaries.
More than 33 lakh women farmers have been trained through the Women Farmers Empowerment Project.
BIMSTEC is a natural platform for regional cooperation.
The Prime Minister quoted writer Ram Varaksh Benipuri and poet Sohanlal Dwivedi to express the mood of the time.
He travelled to different countries of the world to speak out against the propaganda about the Sunan religion and philosophy.
He praised the Ministry of AYUSH for setting up the All India Institute of Ayurveda.
My heartfelt condolences to the families of the deceased.
He had the power and intelligence to mirror the mistakes of the British rulers.
Regional and international cooperation will help to advance such works.
We exchanged views on important global and regional issues of mutual concern.
It may be revoked by one party after six months of written notice to the other party.
He was a source of inspiration for activists like me.
He said that the nation will never forget the sacrifices of freedom fighters.
Insurance companies are advised to deal with the claims of victims of Ochi Hurricane as soon as possible.
He said that this award is being given at a time when the country is celebrating the 150th birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi.
According to Bank of International Settlements, India is less affected by the banking crisis among the major economies.
President Ghani expressed his condolences to the families of the martyrs.
On the occasion, he congratulated the countrymen and said that the Bullet Train project will bring about speed and growth and will have its results soon.
Our dear leader, former Prime Minister of our country, Shri Atal Bihari Vajpayee Ji, had clearly said that human rights are not a mere concept for us.
His life was devoted to ending suffering and removing injustice from society.
This is another area that can become a link to further connecting our societies.
A new India is emerging.
In this context, the Prime Minister drew attention to the International Solar Alliance and said that India and France are working together towards it.
He said that the Centre of Agricultural Sciences will also play an important role in this direction.
The gem and jewellery sector employs 46 lakh people.
He said that Mahatma Gandhi's vision was not limited to his treatment but he also wanted to bring him into the mainstream of our society.
This year too, let us work hard to organize a Run for Unity in our villages, towns, cities, cities.
If we practice Asana and Pranaama regularly, we can protect ourselves from many diseases as well as good health.
The capacity of the National Consumer Helpline has been increased fourfold.
The project is important in that it will provide water supply to the drought-stricken region of Bundelkhand.
The Pika Uprising was fought in Odisha in 1817 against the British Raj.
7. Any other area of cooperation based on mutual decision.
I experienced his great hospitality at the BRICS Summit in South Africa last year.
He described tourism as an ancient concept and a spiritual tradition in India.
This is especially essential to ensure freedom, peace and justice for the exploited, the suffering and the disadvantaged.
The two sides agreed to strengthen cultural and humanitarian ties under the SCO.
He appreciated the security equipment being used in the security of the country.
Do your best today.
My young friends, you know very well that I keep on speaking of 'Mann Ki'.
The Prime Minister reiterated that India is a strong supporter of the multilateral trading system.
It is considered the best global programme in the world.
The state of law and order is being closely monitored.
A scheme for black money disclosure was launched during the same period.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi reviewed the progress of the Namami Gange programme on Thursday evening.
The budget of Manrega also helps to conserve this water.
The Mansaita Daswaves was signed on 25th September 2018.
If children in our family are also interested in sports, they should be given an opportunity.
The Prime Minister assured the delegation that the Central Government will consider their demands.
The President of Indonesia and the Prime Minister of India agreed to hold meetings of the Annual Summit including multilateral events.
Addressing the gathering, the Prime Minister said that new innovations play an important role in bringing the people of India and Israel closer together.
When Rajini expressed his desire to learn boxing from his father, he encouraged him by using all the means possible.
The presence of President Ramaphosa on Republic Day yesterday and his participation as the main guest, symbolizes our shared commitment to further strengthen our relations.
He said that there is a lot of tourism potential in Varanasi and every effort should be made to keep the city clean.
The Prime Minister said that every effort is being made to ensure a unique experience for the devotees who visit the semi-Kumbha.
Everyone remembers the efforts of the UN, its positive role in establishing peace in the world.
There is an increased maternity leave provision.
Electricity was delivered to every village in the country.
The inaugural phase will operate from Aluva to Palarivattam.
A high-level Russian delegation will come to India to promote Indian investment in the Far East and to organize an investment road show.
Our past has always been woven with restraint.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, outlined the benefits of PM-SYM scheme.
A viable alternative dispute resolution ecosystem is a national priority for India.
4. Maternal, infant and newborn health;
He urged the States to give fresh ideas to the VIT Commission to encourage results based allocations and expenditure reform.
The Prime Minister said that if someone thinks that not going to a place will prolong his Chief Minister's term and going to a place will shorten his term, he is not entitled to become Chief Minister.
The Prime Minister recalled the role played by Indian troops in the liberation of Haifa during the First World War.
No new fund has been approved.
We have moved towards a digital platform in fuel retail and payment.
He unveiled a roadmap for the full development of tribes over the next five years.
From this land of Mahatma Gandhi and Gautama Buddha, our brave peacekeepers have conveyed a message of peace and harmony to the world.
We agree to maintain the pace of our relations in all key sectors including energy and investment.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi attended the event organised by the Press Council of India on the occasion of National Press Day today.
We are the fourth largest generator of wind energy and the fifth largest generator of solar energy.
The Prime Minister appreciated the close cooperation in areas such as investment, urban development, civil aviation and skill development.
As close neighbors, our relations extend across many layers.
By becoming a Chartered Accountant Insolvency Practitioner, one can start his career in this new field.
He is currently travelling to different parts of India as part of the Janno Kvattan initiative.
The Prime Minister said that the work of building the toilets was done like a mission.
The situation is being closely monitored.
The world's largest infrastructure to be built in the next two decades will be in our region.
The Prime Minister credited Chief Minister Yogi Adityanath for coming to Noida and ending the superstition associated with the city.
This is a good start.
In his message, the Prime Minister said, "I strongly condemn the terrorist attack in Kabul.
This is why many letters have come about agriculture.
Through Make in India, we are providing a platform to global companies to produce in India and make better use of the vast human resources here.
I once again salute Shri Guru Gobind Singh Ji.
He said that better connectivity in the Northeast would also connect the region to the economy of Southeast Asia.
In such a situation, the eyes of the world have been fixed on India and Yoga for a sustainable solution to these problems.
He said that for India, there is not only an industrial change but also a social change.
Your children have benefited from this.
And I know how much damage any political party can do if an action against black money is taken to eliminate counterfeit companies.
He said the huge decline in piracy in the Indian Ocean is largely due to the strength of the Indian military and our international partnership.
In Anand, the Prime Minister will inaugurate modern food processing facilities including Amul's state-of-the-art chocolate plant.
Who doesn 't know the Bangladesh Liberation War in 1971?
India's economic interests can be better served by a large number of available arbitration experts and lawyers.
This is a new path that the government has opened for you.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its prior approval to the MoU between India and Singapore for cooperation in the field of urban planning and development.
The bridge will significantly improve connectivity between Assam and Arunachal Pradesh from the Issam to the Tamil Nadu and significantly reduce travel time.
Later, in 1945, when the struggle for independence took hold, he produced a revised copy of that idea.
He said that Adi Shankaracharya had united India through Vedas and Upanishads.
Today the whole country is celebrating the festival of Independence as well as the festival of birth.
He said that farmers and scientists need to work together to transform agriculture.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved measures to promote the hydroelectric sector.
This has given more Indians the opportunity to raise their national flag.
I congratulate the millions of people, especially the poor who have benefited from this initiative.
When works like the Encyclopedia of Hinduism are made available in different languages, our understanding and awareness of other traditions and cultures of the country is increased.
In dialogue with the Prime Minister, the beneficiaries of Jan Aushadhi Project expressed their satisfaction at the quality of medicines being received from the Jan Aushadhi Centres.
Shri Modi said that Shri Vajpayee is among the finest speakers of his country so far.
Our goal is to provide every poor and homeless family with access to toilets, water and electricity by 2022.
Last month, our space scientists set a unique record.
Right now, there are 45 lakh self - aid groups in rural India with the participation of about 5 crore women.
The Prime Minister mentioned his progress initiatives for project monitoring.
My dear countrymen, the festival of Navratri is underway.
The railways will now be able to contribute in a better way to meet the transportation needs in the country.
The Prime Minister said that the policies and decisions of the Union Government are aimed at increasing the income of farmers.
He said that a powerful America would be beneficial to the whole world.
Not only I, but the whole of India, and all of South Africa, are eager to hear the views of the President.
He urged the people to use Bhim App and adopt cashless transactions.
48. Together we will build an India that is free, healthy and fulfills the dream of Swaraj.
The rapid growth of other organisms is in the interest of the producers.
1. non-communicable diseases including childhood heart disease and cancer;
More than 90 per cent of FDI approvals are being given via automatic route.
They can also cope with adverse agricultural - climatic conditions.
The size and growth of the Indian market has immense potential.
Jan Dhan Revolution is a historic movement to bring the poor, the exploited and the disadvantaged into the financial mainstream.
He said that GST will ensure economic integration just as Sardar Patel had ensured political integration of the country.
The whole nation is saluting the unwavering courage of Mina Ji, wife of Prasanna Sahu, a martyr of Jagat Singhpur, Odisha.
Discussing the self-help groups, the Prime Minister said that self-help groups play an important role in economic and social progress for the poor, especially women of rural sections of society.
The Defence Research & Development Organization (DRDO) has prepared this memorial in a very short time.
The country is built on peace, goodwill and unity.
Under the Integrated Horticulture Development Campaign, farmers will be provided with assistance to replant the horticultural crops that have been damaged.
On the arrival of the first inter-national container ship at Varanasi, the Prime Minister said that eastern Uttar Pradesh is now connected to the Bay of Bengal by waterway.
He said that the Union Government has decided that the minimum support price (MSP) for all scheduled crops will be at least one and a half times the cost.
Road connectivity in rural areas has now reached 90 per cent.
In this context, he referred to the Diwali and Bankruptcy Code.
Include tai  in the order number 6 instead of khamat
Prime Minister inaugurated Phase 1 of River Front Development in Patna.
In a public meeting, the Prime Minister will unveil a plaque in honour of laying the foundation stone of Railway Coach Factory Sonipat.
Therefore, we are constantly working to improve our investment environment.
In our economies, industry and business can create attractive partnerships through the flagship programmes launched by my government.
My personal contact with the leaders, government, industry and people of Japan is now almost a decade old.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi inaugurated Kochi Metro today and travelled briefly on the new metro line.
The enthusiasm of these doctors who are selflessly engaged in service is truly commendable.
I am confident that a stronger India and a stronger Japan will bring stability to Asia and the world.
The Prime Minister said that India can achieve a lot in the game of football.
Shri Modi said that on humanitarian grounds, five solar and one thousand rupees old notes will be accepted for funerals in government hospitals, pharmacies of government hospitals (with doctor's prescription), railway ticket booking windows, government buses, air ticket booking windows, petrol, diesel and gas stations of public sector oil companies, consumer cooperative stores authorized by the Central or State Government, milk booths authorized by
The Prime Minister also spoke about topics like climate protection and smart cities which were also at the centre of discussion.
This is the 5th Indian Science Congress, which will be addressed by Shri Narendra Modi after taking office as Prime Minister, taking into account the Prime Minister's vision to promote the spirit of science, technology and innovation across the country.
He also recalled the contribution of Indian community members to the independence movement of Kenya.
Some people have taken advantage of the money from the Government of India for water conservation and water management in Manrega.
I was at the Agriculture-Progress Fair held in Delhi recently.
He praised the people of the state for declaring Jammu and Kashmir free from open defecation in September 2018.
He also said that the delayed burning of fuel during crossing the state boundaries would save fuel and benefit the environment.
Today we live in a connected world.
Our armed forces have always been characterized by unique courage and valour.
The medal winners met the Prime Minister at Parliament House.
He called GST an example of cooperative federalism.
Thus, it will benefit all sectors and classes of the country.
He said that all villages along the banks of the Ganga have been exempted from open sanitation.
At the 23rd meeting today, the Prime Minister reviewed progress towards handling and resolving consumer complaints.
He said that as new laws are made, the old laws should be reviewed and the old law should be abolished if unnecessary.
He has done a very good job in this moment of crisis.
Independent India has sent a large number of UN peacekeepers across the world.
Recently, 16-year-old Shivangi Pathak became the youngest Indian woman to climb Everest for Nepal.
He said the Government is giving great importance to innovation and research.
He said that this also indicates the priorities of the rewarding government.
Now I am talking specifically about food processing.
Welcoming the delegation members, the Prime Minister said that the greatest strength of democracy is harmony and harmony.
My dear countrymen, in the 'Mann Ki Baat', the Aakhvani is always filling with new colors with its creativity.
Uttarakhand has been a major centre of yoga for decades.
The two countries signed 12 agreements.
Healthy India trips are being made across the country under the 'Eat Right India' campaign.
His ideas and ideals have had a profound impact on society.
The Prime Minister said that initiatives like the Prime Minister's Safer Matrivat Vyapavan and Mission Indra Dhanush have played a significant role in reducing mortality.
The Prime Minister recalled his visit to Cellulor Prison and the spot where Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose had thrown the triangle 75 years ago.
The name of the selected bank will be released as a co-brand on the Kochi Metro Rental Card and App.
Swachh Bharat Mission is an initiative in this direction.
This holy month of Ramadan will surely help to advance this path of peace, unity and goodwill.
We have set a target to ensure 175 GW of renewable energy capacity growth by 2022.
In modern times, more than one hundred and thirty thousand Indian soldiers have given their lives in the world wars of the last century.
He also discussed his own efforts to contribute to regional and global economic growth.
His strong innings in the semifinal will always be remembered.
Yoga adds to this scattering.
Different taxes in different states have made goods and services more expensive.
The high-level review meeting was attended by officials from PMOs, NITI Aayog and other Ministries.
The Prime Minister expressed his deep condolences on behalf of himself and the people of India for the loss of lives and property in the recent earthquake and tsunami in Sulawesi Region, Indonesia.
He said that the officials present at this conference today have provided the right leadership despite working in an environment of negativity.
Responding to a question on climate change, the Prime Minister reiterated India's timeless values for nature protection and conservation.
I am particularly grateful to Prime Minister Abe for his encouragement and personal support.
I am going to visit the Republic of Korea at the invitation of President Moon Jae-in.
He encouraged them to share specific experiences during the visit and write on the topic.
The Prime Minister appreciated the spirit and hard work of our farmers for their achievements in agriculture since independence.
In the coming year 2019, we are going to celebrate the 550th light year of Guru Nanak Devji.
The delegation interacted with the Prime Minister on topics such as Women Entrepreneurship and Women Empowerment.
This year, World Environment Day aims to address a very important challenge.
The Prime Minister said that the Union Government is working to shift development from isolation to integration in all the least developed parts of the country.
His goal is to reach 300 million disadvantaged people by 2022.
After the review meeting, the Prime Minister announced financial assistance of Rs 500 crore for the state.
The Food Safety and Standards Authority of India is working to ensure that processed food produced in India complies with international standards.
The relationship between us in trade and investment is deepening.
He said that we must not only stop reaching the ultimate goal as a country but also work together to eradicate the social stigma associated with this disease.
We have taken several decisive steps and have developed a governance system that will help India realize its potential.
Under PMGSY, 88 per cent of residential areas are now connected to rural roads.
Over the last 20 years, 5.80,000 people have died in the Asia Pacific region due to disasters.
This shows that international bilateral cooperation is no longer limited to national capitals but extends to the capitals of our states.
The Prime Minister also unveiled a series of development projects related to the energy, connectivity and health sectors.
When such a big event is being held, with thousands of players from all over the world attending, can you imagine what the atmosphere will be like?
Manpower is considered to be the form of God.
The Government of India has also provided support to the activities of the Foundation.
It will be the world's largest government funded health programme.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi addressed the nation on the 71st Independence Day today from the ramparts of the Red Fort.
There, they will unveil a plaque to the visitors as a sign of launch of some facilities.
In such a positive atmosphere, amidst a series of positive events, we are celebrating freedom today.
In this context, he mentioned the initiatives of the Central Government which have reduced the price of medicines and stents.
It was the unparalleled leadership of Atal Ji who laid the foundation for a strong, prosperous and inclusive India of the 21st century.
Temples were usually built on a sprawling plot away from the residential area.
Due to various administrative reforms, the business environment in the country has improved considerably.
The Prime Minister stressed the importance of being proud of our history and our archaeological heritage.
In the last 10 years, India's per capita income has doubled.
Addressing the huge crowd in Ahmedabad, Prime Minister Narendra Modi highlighted the high ambition and willpower of New India.
In the Joint Statement on Maritime Cooperation, we have outlined the framework of our cooperation programme in this area.
He worked better for Delhi's progress, especially to ensure better infrastructure.
My best wishes to all of you.
The results of these efforts are now being seen.
He has given his life in service to the country.
More than Rs 800 crore of unnamed assets have been seized by the government.
The two sides reviewed the recent investments made by Indian companies in the field of diamond manufacturing in the Russian Far East.
The MoU was signed on 6 January 2017 in New Delhi.
During the meeting, the Prime Minister warmly welcomed President Shri Mirziyev and his delegation in Gujarat.
He told the medal winners that their performance has made India proud.
Our mantra is "Sobos with, Sobos with, Sobos with, Sobos with, Sobos with, Sobos with, Sobos with, Sobos with, Sobos with, Sobos with, Sobos with, Sobos with, Sobos with, Sobos with, Sobos with, Sobos with, Sobos with, Sobos with, Sobos with
Arbitration proceedings will now be speeded up as the Arbitration Act has been amended.
He said that dynamic change is needed to bring about change in the system.
Therefore, the Indian Ocean has a special place in the Government's policies.
The Prime Minister mentioned the expansion of infrastructure connected to basic health services, road network, oil and gas pipeline.
Such efforts create unnecessary difficulties, especially for those in the lower echelons of developed and underdeveloped countries.
India will emerge as a global leader on the basis of state-of-the-art technology and skilled human resources.
He said that PSU has contributed significantly to nation building and the economy of the country since independence.
He congratulated all those involved in the construction of this statue.
Earlier, he expressed his condolences over the loss of life caused by the forest fires in Portugal.
India has become an attractive investment destination due to its low labour costs, large domestic market and great economic stability.
The Prime Minister said that not only as exploitation of nature's resources, but also as a means of connecting and following nature.
Cyprus also responded warmly and amicably.
The Prime Minister's Dialogue Programme covered over one crore women representing different groups.
They will not be forgiven.
He said that the amount of the amount contributed by the beneficiary to the contribution will be contributed by the Central Government.
He said that the Central Government is committed to completing all its missions with the help of the people.
The Prime Minister said that this high-speed train will not only reduce distances between the two cities but also bring people living hundreds of kilometres apart closer to each other.
During the last two years, 2014 and 2016, we have facilitated the return of over 90 thousand Indian citizens from around 54 countries.
He said that this industry is an important part of India's growing reputation in the world.
I look forward to interacting with the Indian community in Portugal during the visit.
The decision should be made within six months during the Fast Track process.
36 industries have been excluded from the scope of environmental clearance requirement.
I pray for the speedy recovery of the wounded.
"We have taken a major step to ensure that education facilities are provided in higher educational, technical and professional institutions, besides providing reservation for the poor of the common class.
For a healthy and happy humanity, it is our responsibility to further develop understanding of yoga.
These diseases are now known as lifestyle disorder.
The Prime Minister said that the Union Government will do everything in its power to help the states affected by cyclone storms.
The day of the birth anniversary of Lord Mahavira is a day to remember his sacrifice and penance.
Earlier, Prime Minister Shinzo Abe said that the India-Japan partnership is special, strategic and global.
We are also aware of Japan's tremendous contribution to the development process in other parts of the world, especially Asia and Africa.
Today we remember and salute his courage.
We have also announced a new Intellectual Property Rights Policy.
The gathering of people and the taking of anchors raised a sense of unity and equality.
Team members presented a bat, a ball and a team jersey with the Prime Minister's name signed to the Prime Minister.
The Government of India has recently made a successful effort to connect people for clean Ganga, for Ganga cleansing, in collaboration with 5 state governments.
The beneficiaries reported how the reduction in the cost of heart stents and knee transplants has changed their lives.
Training for employment and self-employment is being conducted with a view to fulfilling the aspirations of young people for a better life.
We have extraordinary political and public relations with every country in the ASEAN region.
A visual art museum has also been built in the same Revolution Temple.
Recently, a scheme has also been launched to bring electricity connections to every household in the country.
Science and technology
The Prime Minister stressed on ensuring maximum benefit for the poor and the lower classes of society under this scheme.
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi will inaugurate the birth centenary of Nanaji Deshmukh at IARI, Poosa, New Delhi on 11th October 2017.
For example, under India's Housing Programme, 10 million houses in urban areas are targeted.
Single Window Assistance Provides Support to Foreign Investors.
Let's move forward with positivity.
Sister Nivedita Ji also collaborated with the great scientist Jagdish Chandra Basu.
The Prime Minister has appreciated the efforts being made by the State Government to deal with this unprecedented crisis.
It is a two minute show of collective solidarity, resolve and devotion to the martyrs.
The Prime Minister inaugurated the Ekkritr Power Development Yojana (IPDS) for Old Kashi and the Atal Intubation Centre at the Banaras Hindu University.
We stand with Portugal in this hour of sorrow.
The Prime Minister will inaugurate the newly built Madan Mohan Malviya Cancer Centre at Banaras Hindu University.
Life goes on if the sense of mission you have and the sense of ambition you have, is there any correlation between your mission and ambition?
I see immense potential for investors that has not been exploited so far.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its post-actionable approval for the signing of the MoU between India and Afghanistan on cooperation in the peaceful use of outer space.
This will prove to be of great importance for both countries given the shared cultural heritage of the two countries.
Even our ancient texts emphasize the importance of personal hygiene.
This will ensure the emerging energy markets for them.
India is currently the fastest growing major economy in the world.
Our cooperation and coordination is very strong in many forums such as BRICS, G-20, Indian Ocean Rim Association, IBSA.
The Prime Minister will pray in front of the Statue of Unity.
The Prime Minister said that the recently announced Ayushmann Bharat Yojana will bring about tremendous change in the health sector.
Under this, various programmes on rural development, poor welfare and social justice will be implemented across India.
He congratulated the people of Kashi for the warm welcome of French President Emmanuel Macron.
He said that only those who respect women can truly be proud of the brothers and sisters of America, who spoke the first words of the sage sage Swami Vivekananda.
This will help improve health and maternal care for the vulnerable sections of society.
Addressing the occasion, the Prime Minister congratulated the public assembly for celebrating Dhanvantari Jayanti as Ayurveda Day.
The Prime Minister conveyed his best wishes to Dr. Mohammad for the progress and prosperity of the people of Malaysia.
Through our Make in India initiative, investments have been heavily supported by other programmes like Digital India and Skill India.
During the conversation today, the Prime Minister outlined India's policies in the field of climate change and environmental sustainability in detail.
Thanks to the great energy of our country's youth, we are presenting India as a global manufacturing hub.
To create world class universities in the field of education, we have taken a big step to break the bonds.
Our motto is more crops, less drops.
Security and Defence Cooperation has given an emerging new dimension to our relations.
He said that through the Prime Minister's Crop Insurance Scheme, premiums have been reduced, the maximum set limit on insurance has been abolished and the amount of claims to be distributed to farmers has been increased.
This requires expanding the scope of legal education in India.
Through the opening of these two cancer hospitals, Varanasi will become an important centre for better treatment of cancer-related diseases.
His Excellency Prime Minister Mark Rutte,
I am excited to lead the Indian delegation to attend our first ever meeting of the Council as a full member.
Shri Narendra Modi discussed the various projects being undertaken in the electricity, road and other infrastructure sectors, saying that these projects have made significant progress and have improved the lives of people in Varanasi and surrounding areas.
I am saying that the 21st century is the century of Asia.
The Prime Minister said that the conference has become even more relevant in the context of the challenges and responsibilities of the country.
The Prime Minister and the members of the delegation exchanged views on bilateral partnership and other issues of mutual interest.
We are also pleased to share with you India's holistic healthcare traditions like Yoga and Ayurveda.
This work was continuous, to create in us a feeling of inferiority by belittling our culture.
Over the last three years, we have made tireless efforts to ensure ease of doing business.
I am grateful to Akbar.
45. Together, we will build an India where young people and women have ample opportunities to fulfill their dreams.
Your Excellency, your visit provides us with an important opportunity to further this relationship.
Therefore, Make-in-India is stronger than ever for India and for the world supply.
He told the students that they should think about innovative solutions to the problems facing the people.
Rather, it should strive to achieve the real goal of bringing about social and economic change.
14. Other areas of cooperation as per mutual decision.
I wish my countrymen the best on this holy festival of spring Panchami.
Despite the rise in crude oil prices, the inflation rate remains within the fixed range.
The Prime Minister will inaugurate the Holong Modular Gas Processing Plant in Tinsukia, Assam.
Our trees and forests have increased by one per cent in the last two years.
I salute all those heroes with all my heart and respect.
Sadly, for a very long time we have referred to the events of 1857 as simply the rebellion or the soldier rebellion.
Thanks to these efforts, we have managed to move our ranking from 142 to 77 in ease of doing business.
Lokmanya Tilak was full of courage and confidence.
Prime Minister Suluvade Jamphal will lay the foundation stone of the Kanoli Lift Irrigation Scheme.
For this, I thank Kiedanan, JETRO and other organizations for helping us in this process.
And so the greatest remedy for recalling memory is relaxation.
Over 16,000 kilometres of gas pipeline have been built and an additional 11,000 kilometres are underway.
With the inauguration of the Statue of Unity, India has given itself great inspiration for the future.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today addressed the Y4D New India Conclave in New Delhi.
The Prime Minister interacted with the people in Kawarathi and Kanyakumari.
Praising the Bohra society, the Prime Minister said that it is a privilege for him to be associated with the community.
In Dwarka, he will lay the foundation stone of a bridge and other road projects between Okha and Beit Dwarka.
6. Training and management for the administration of health services and hospitals;
On this occasion, I thank all officers and personnel of the Coast Guard for their service to the nation.
The Alliance has set a target of achieving 1000 GW of solar capacity by 2030 through investment of 1 trillion US dollars.
The limit on withdrawal from ATMs and banks has also been set for a short time.
President Xi and I will exchange views on many issues of bilateral and global importance.
I was reading an old interview with Sam Manekshaw, a great Indian military officer.
The exhibition shows more than 100 fine methods and imitations.
I am looking forward to visit Janakpur and Muktinath besides Kathmandu.
The remaining land will be managed in accordance with the guidelines of the Department of Investment and Public Asset Management (DIPAM) and Department of Public Enterprises (DPE).
The independence of the judiciary is a fundamental feature of the Indian Constitution.
Your contribution is widely appreciated throughout Sri Lanka and beyond.
She is also taking a course in skills development.
A Japanese township has been announced today.
He mentioned several initiatives including GST implementation, natural resource auction, improvement of insurance and banking sector and skill development.
71 countries of the world including India participated.
On 31st May, I will visit the India-Singapore Enterprise and Innovation Exhibition.
Prime Minister Modi and President Xi reviewed the progress in India-China relations from a strategic and long-term perspective.
We have to take the individual, the people, every segment of society and we have to move the country forward with it.
Singaporean companies have become major partners with India in areas such as urban development, planning, smart cities and infrastructure development.
And what was the focal point of all these great men?
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, congratulated the gold medalist Mariappan Tangwelelu and bronze medalist Varun Singh Bhatti at the Rio 2016 Paralympics.
He said that despite the modern technology, trust in the postal service still remains.
Today, we have ministers from many African countries.
But it is good that the rainy season is moving in its own time.
We are now bringing our importance to the world through the rapid airplane.
The Prime Minister said in his message, "I am saddened by the deaths and destruction caused by the tsunami after the volcano hit Indonesia.
The sales of cars made in India by Japanese car manufacturers are already taking place in Japan.
A memorandum was sent from the Chief Minister of Mizoram who could not attend the meeting in person.
I appealed to people to give books instead of giving each other flowers as a greeting.
His slogan for Jayjan Jay Kisan is the identity of this great personality.
There are over 8 lakh doctors.
Addressing the occasion, the Prime Minister said that the total value of all the projects inaugurated or laid the foundation stone today is over Rs 14 thousand crore.
In this respect, India can prove to be a better partner.
Even attempts were made to destroy the confidence of Indians.
The Agreement will assist in the collection of revenue claims made by both countries.
And I hope that Tamil Nadu will not lag behind any other state in this race, and will continue to push forward and move forward.
Today is August 9.
I will also address a public meeting.
He praised the spirit and hard work of the people of the Nicobar Islands in building the island after the tsunami.
Today, hundreds of poor patients are benefitting from this camp every month.
Later, the Prime Minister inaugurated the Patanjali Research Institute in Haridwar district.
The Prime Minister will also interact with various stakeholders related to the Mission.
I salute Guru Ravidas Ji on the special occasion of Guru Ravidas Jayanti.
Our present encourages us to work together.
If you put knowledge at the center, you try to incorporate a lot of things into yourself.
Our discussions covered all issues related to bilateral relations.
The Prime Minister said that technology is only beneficial when it benefits the common people.
I am in a way connected to millions of families every month through radio.
Our partnership will extend beyond terrorism, organised crime, drugs and human trafficking.
It will deliver clean fuels (PNG) to homes, industries and commercial units.
It is hoped that through #Sandesh2Soldiers campaign, dialogue between the people and the armed forces will be enhanced.
My participation in the Summit reflects India's high priority towards its neighbours and our continuing commitment to deepening relations with neighbours in Southeast Asia.
Investing in sustainable infrastructure by AIIB can lead to positive change in the lives of billions of people.
The Prime Minister will arrive at Port Blair on the evening of December 29.
Secondly, a series of Jansushadhi Centres were launched across the country.
People have also started giving one another Khadi items as gifts.
In society, sports are still considered a waste of time.
He invested his entire life's earnings by relying on one sign of yours.
India is now one of the most preferred countries for investment in this sector.
I wish you all the best once again.
There is a story of innovation in the field of sanitation or news of change in the passion of an official.
His greatest contribution to the freedom struggle was that he made it a broad mass movement.
The Prime Minister said that a number of schemes have been implemented to provide social security to unorganized sector workers during old age such as Ayushman Bharat for health coverage, Pradhan Mantri Jyothi Bima for life insurance and Pradhan Mantri Sakhti Bima for physical disability.
It contains the original verses of Bhagavad Gita including the vaccine.
Countries that leave behind their heritage lose their identity.
I am pleased to see a large number of Energy Ministers, heads of international organizations and CEOs from oil producing and consuming countries participating.
The Prime Minister said that his Government is committed to completing all projects in a timely manner.
His passing was a great sadness.
If we are aware, we will be able to prevent our children from returning to those paths of violence and atrocity.
These amendments will allow our arbitration process to align with the best practices of the world.
As of August 2017, Indian personnel have served in about 50 of the 71 UN peacekeeping operations worldwide.
It will facilitate effective institutional dialogue between India and Thailand.
Our concerns and prayers are with the victims and their families.
Over the last three years, everyone has made his own efforts towards water conservation and water management.
She was a woman who could live a comfortable life but she was dedicated to serving the poor.
Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel took over the reins of the Indian government in a formula.
This work gives a new confidence.
The Prime Minister invited Kazakhstan to become a member of the International Energy Group.
I wish you all the best of Ramanavami once again.
He said that the launch of IPPPB today is another important step towards achieving this objective.
The Prime Minister said that both IQ (intellectual skills) and EQ (emotional skills) are of great importance in student life.
India's biggest tax reform, GST, has been implemented recently.
It is inspired by the truth teachings of Gautama Buddha and Mahatma Gandhi.
We have taken steps like issuing e-Visa to promote tourism.
I want to share with all of you the very positive results of this.
In search of peace from the stress of modern life, Aksar people start to consume tobacco, alcohol and even drugs.
Through Jan Dhan Yojana, Social Security Schemes, MUDRA and Stand Up India, we have given the wing to millions of aspirations.
My best wishes to all the students, their parents and all the teachers who passed the examination.
He said that in the same context India must make its place in the world.
Over the last two and a half years, over Rs 1.25 lakh crore of black money has been brought to the open.
He gave the highest priority to education and social reform.
He said that the recommendations of these sub-groups have been incorporated by various Ministries of the Union Government.
This is the fourth such event in the series of video bridges by the Prime Minister to communicate with the beneficiaries of various government schemes.
May the blessings of the great Himalayas be with you.
The Prime Minister also said that like other major cities in Gujarat, Bhuj will have a modern bus port.
The Swiss Bank has reported that the deposits by Indians have reached the lowest level ever recorded.
He also said that this will create trust among the common people which is the key to New India.
Preparation of Security Dialogue to develop a comprehensive Action Plan on Security Cooperation
Private companies are also connecting in large numbers through the portal.
In that interview, Field Marshal Manekshaw was recalling the time when he was a colonel.
His passion for dealing with natural disasters from storms, hurricanes, floods to wildfires and helping the countrymen has been amazing.
We have done a good job in the field of wildlife conservation.
I strongly condemn the violence and pray for peace with all.
Dr. Hire was also a senior officer of the bank.
My condolences to his family and goodwill at this time of grief.
He popularized the musical traditions of India on a global scale.
"We are constantly working to simplify processes for small businesses.
Therefore, I was surprised to learn that no Indian Prime Minister has ever visited Portugal bilaterally.
Today, August 11 is associated with a historic date.
He said that India and Bangladesh's commitment to cruelty and terrorism will continue to inspire future generations through Bangladesh Bhawan.
As a society, as a country, 30 January, at 11 am, 2 minutes of tribute, this should be natural.
There are many important features of this Metro project.
There are opportunities that are waiting to be used.
The Prime Minister also visited the museum and the exhibition and the viewing gallery.
The Asian Infrastructure Character Investment Bank (AIIB) started its financing related operations in January 2016.
He praised the officials who have helped in this change.
The Ceylon Estate Workers Education Trust (CEWET) was established in 1947 to encourage students to continue their studies.
Results of Budget Session
He said that the efforts of the expatriate Indians have ensured respect for Indian passports everywhere.
Under this scheme, more than 10 crore households will be provided health insurance of Rs 5 lakh per family per year.
The European Investment Bank has contributed one billion euros to India for environmentally sustainable projects including the Lucknow Metro.
The Prime Minister appreciated the efforts of the State Government, all other agencies to deal with the flood situation so far.
My dear countrymen, the Jan Ki Baat has been praised and criticized.
He urged members to raise awareness among the communities regarding their rights.
We both agree that all countries need to take urgent action against those nations that create terrorism in our region, support, encourage and allow these factories of terror to continue.
The same game is known by different names in different places.
The Government has taken several steps to increase investment.
At the same time, India is a major milk producer.
on action against corruption
He said that this step is making a difference in the lives of ordinary people.
He said that Amul's brand is known worldwide and has become a source of inspiration worldwide.
Together, Together, for All Development can be our guiding light for cooperation and action in South Asia.
Another important aspect of this project is that about a thousand women and 23 transgender people are being selected to work in the Kochi Metro Rail system.
During the conversation, the Prime Minister urged the award winners to unite the community and make them an integral part of sustainable development in schools.
Now, in some parts of the world, the Rathya Yatra of Lord Jagannath is celebrated.
I congratulate them on their success.
The 10 questions of the survey are as follows:
The Prime Minister said that generic medicines are now available to a greater number of people which has not only reduced the cost of healthcare but has saved many precious lives.
Addressing a public event organised by Netaji Subhash Chandra Bose to mark 75 years of triangular flowering on Indian soil, the Prime Minister released a stamp, coin and first day cover.
Diversity calls for celebration, not conflict.
He said that implementing it is a complex task which could be the subject of study for the future.
In Singapore, I will focus on enhancing India-Singapore partnership in the areas of fintech, skill development, urban planning and artificial intelligence.
The earth is our mother and we are her children.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has congratulated Babu Jagjjivan on his birthday.
Creating a business-friendly environment and attracting investment will remain my top priority.
The Prime Minister said congratulations to M. Vankaiah Naidu Garuru on his election as Vice President of India.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that the Archaeological Survey of India has done important work in the last 150 years.
Various economic reform agendas of India including GST were appreciated.
From Dehradun to Dublin, from Shanghai to Chicago, from Jakarta to Johannesburg, yoga is yoga, yoga is yoga.
The Air Force also responded to the enemy in 1965.
He said people should get knowledge about local history and archaeology of their cities and regions.
Increasing cohesion between India and Japan on strategic and economic issues has the potential to give new impetus to the global economy.
Captain Mitali Raj is leading the team.
Therefore, it is an honour to welcome a dear friend and a strong supporter of India.
He opened the Women's Hostel for Northeast Region students at the premises of the Income Tax Appeal Tribunal in Bangalore, the Super Specialty Block of Kims in Hubli, Bangalore University, by pressing a button.
This Rudraksh will be a cordial gesture of affection from Japan to Varanasi.
The Department of Molecular Oncology of the institute was declared as Centre of Excellence by the Central Government in 2007.
I wish you success in your endeavours.
The practice of yoga creates a sense of unity - unity of mind, body and mind.
India is the third largest economy in terms of purchasing power parity (PPP).
The grid is part of the government's scheme to provide affordable and quality gas throughout the North East region.
Bilateral cooperation in the field of food processing between India and Japan will benefit the food processing sector of both countries.
Members of the Club of Chef's of Heads of State from around the world, the Club de Chef de Chef (CCC) met Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi today.
In this context, we have outlined a ten-point agenda for renewing our efforts towards disaster risk reduction, which are as follows:
He said the main focus of the Government is to improve preventive healthcare and affordability and access to treatment.
The MoU was signed in May 2017 during the visit of the Palestinian Foreign Minister to India.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi welcomed and wished all the teams participating in the FIFA U-17 World Cup.
He said that he himself has visited the North East region more than 25 times in the last four years.
The signing of the Agreement on Trade Measures today will further strengthen our trade partnership.
Every Indian is extremely proud of the successful testing of Agni-V.
And finally, more and more international coordination will have to be brought in to deal with disasters.
The Prime Minister instructed insurance companies to conduct special camps to assess losses and to provide compensation to affected families and beneficiaries under social security schemes within a fixed time.
He said that the Tara Kot route would provide an alternative route to the Mother Vaishno Devi Shrine, which would facilitate pilgrims.
When we know deeply about their courage, bravery, and heroism, we are also surprised, proud, and inspired.
The areas of cooperation related to youth affairs include the movement of youth, representatives of youth organisations and government officials in charge of youth policy makers from one country to another.
Khadi is emerging as a powerful tool for empowering and transforming the lives of poor to poor people through handlooms.
Today I had the opportunity to launch a new Chartered Accountancy Course Curriculum.
We are with the bereaved families.
The award will be given for exceptional efforts towards further enhancement of national integration.
But if we do not trust in our own strength, our own strength, no one will accept it.
This law will play an effective role in preventing cases of crimes against women and girls.
He gave examples of various ways with a reply of Hazir Jawab.
One of the characteristics of the examination was that there was an open discussion on various topics related to the examination.
He said that a teacher is connected to the stream of knowledge for life.
We are the world's second largest exporter of shrimp.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi will visit the Andaman and Nicobar Islands on 29-30 December.
Exhibition on state-of-the-art or futuristic technologies and space exploration will be held which will present a practical vision for the future of space travel.
The Prime Minister said that if India is to make its place in global trade, it must make the best arrangements in the port sector.
In this context, he also discussed his meeting with the High Commissioner of India in Sri Lanka on this morning, 17th October 2018.
He said that the event is being held to honour the women Sarpanches who have made a significant contribution to the Swachh Bharat Mission.
I have asked the Ministry of Defence to accelerate relief and rescue operations in the state.
You see, if everyone in a state says that, I'll tell the government to scrutinize it and publish publicity on the seven common things that come from each state.
Our goal is to make a major leap in the maritime economy through the Blue Revolution.
The two sides underlined the importance of enhancing cooperation in the aluminum sector.
This figure also shows the enthusiasm, enthusiasm and tendency of the youth of Tamil Nadu towards self-employment.
We have understood the need for urgent action to prevent the spread of terrorism, extremism and violent extremism.
This reflects India's desire to set global standards.
This is the seventh in a series of interactions of the Prime Minister through video conference with various beneficiaries of Government schemes.
Another example of this is India's renewable energy programme.
This railway line will prove to be the gateway to Tripura for South and South East Asia.
Now is the time to discuss it, to find a way.
The army has taken a pledge to completely destroy the terrorists and their allies.
Let us now join hands with greater closeness and strength.
The Prime Minister directed the construction of rural roads and the efficient and rigorous monitoring of their quality.
The Prime Minister will then visit the Wall of Unity and inaugurate it.
So many young people leave their homes for the first time to give a new direction to their lives.
Sometimes it seems that we cannot see the exam in the proper perspective.
I am particularly pleased to welcome His Excellency the Prime Minister of Portugal, the Vice President of Suriname, the Honourable Ministers of Malaysia and Mauritius to this event.
My dear countrymen, in the 'Mann Ki Baat', we talk about individuals and institutions who are doing something extraordinary for society.
Now the continent itself has become the centre of global economic activity.
The Prime Minister will address the centenary of Patna University.
If America is strong, India will naturally benefit from it.
Yoga guarantees both fitness and wellness.
Addressing the crowd, the Prime Minister said that such progress fairs pave the way for New India.
He said that now Varanasi is among the selected cities where cooking gas is being provided by pipes.
MoU between Ministry of Economic Development of the Russian Federation and National Institute for Transformation of India (NITI Aayog)
The dream of a Shreshtha India is in this.
The programme included a collective reading of the beauty wave.
The MoU will help to move forward towards attracting Saudi institutions for potential investment in infrastructure in India.
People from far away are writing letters.
Countries around the world joined us in unexpected numbers.
India has strong strategic relations with all three countries.
He said that this creative environment should be used to build a new India rapidly.
The South Asia satellite tells us that the same applies to regional cooperation between like - minded countries, where there is no limit to the sky.
Pollution-free technologies, sea-based solutions, modernization of farms, food processing, health, life sciences and agriculture were discussed.
The Prime Minister said that India believes that the world is one family and with this spirit it is fulfilling its global responsibilities.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has expressed his condolences for the loss of lives caused by the storm in Tamil Nadu.
The Prime Minister said that India has no shortage of capabilities, capabilities and resources.
For a strong partnership, we support a flourishing bilateral trade and investment flow.
The Prime Minister said that this bridge will bring about a positive change in the lives of ordinary people.
The Central Government has been keeping a close and constant eye on the flood situation in Kerala.
Almost all countries of the world have made this occasion of yoga their occasion.
The portal and social media related to Consumer Protection have also been integrated.
A Thai naval officer also lost his life in the entire operation.
The Prime Minister will inaugurate 50 Health and Wellness Centres in Arunachal Pradesh.
Recently, the Government of India has standardized the specifications for the rolling stock and signal system of Metro Rail.
During the meeting, the Prime Minister urged the athletes to use technology to improve their performance.
The Maratha Navy was responsible for the security of these forts.
He told the officials that it is important to develop close relationships with people to be successful in tasks and objectives.
And so, together, we will build an India where the poor have secure housing, electricity, water.
Our goal is to establish a relationship that reflects our shared priorities and builds a deep bond between our people.
Later, he addressed a huge crowd at a ceremony to dedicate the Kochi Metro to the nation.
He said India will be great and healthy only when its 125 crore citizens are healthy.
It provides a mechanism for taking up growing land in the form of land.
India and Russia have committed to cooperate with each other to achieve these goals.
He expressed hope that all people will work together to complete the project in the shortest possible time.
Referring to technology, the Prime Minister requested assistance in areas where high pressure and high temperature related technical applications (APPs) are considered relevant for commercial exploitation of natural gas.
The previous obstacles in the decision process and approval have been removed.
He said that the Union Government is also putting a lot of emphasis on development of waterways.
On October 8th we celebrate Air Force Day.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi paid tribute to Lord Birsa Mundha on his birthday.
The Prime Minister and Prime Minister Shri Abe will hold the 12th India-Japan Annual Summit at the Mahatma Temple in Gandhinagar, Gujarat on 14th September.
Fifty cities in India are ready for the implementation of Metro Rail projects.
His visit is important for both countries as we mark a decade of our strategic partnership.
Therefore, good health is a combination of individual development and collective efforts for the betterment of the environment.
Solar energy is gaining popularity in India today.
The Prime Minister distributed certificates to the beneficiaries of various schemes.
In fact, we have now entered a period that many have called the Asian century.
Yoga can prove to be a strong foundation for discipline and development.
The Prime Minister said, "I remember ShyaMji Krishna Varma on his birthday.
President Vidodo thanked the Prime Minister for his sympathy and assistance.
My dear countrymen, once every 12 years, the blue currant flower grows in our country.
The hospitals will provide affordable cancer treatment to patients from neighbouring countries like Nepal including Uttar Pradesh, Jharkhand, Bihar, Uttarakhand.
The Prime Minister said that the freedom struggle became a mass movement because of the efforts of Mahatma Gandhi.
But let us not forget that it is not just government, money, planning, power that gets everything done.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi today addressed the Centenary Celebration of Patna University.
The Prime Minister encouraged the officials to develop contact with the people around them and those they meet during their duties.
Best wishes to all of you countrymen for all these festivals.
We have achieved more potential in renewable energy than in conventional energy during 2017.
Within hours, the video on social media platforms like Twitter and Facebook generated a huge interest among the people.
He reiterated India's commitment to a strong and strengthened bilateral policy partnership with the United States.
• A high-speed rail project is being built along with a training institute.
He said that under Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana, a comprehensive campaign is underway to provide a permanent home to the poor in cities and villages.
Fortresses are symbols of our heritage.
This payment was ensured to farmers through sugar mills.
It is the mantra of society to fight against superstition with devotion.
Investors are looking for growth and greater economic stability.
The Prime Minister discussed cooperation between India and Israel towards new innovations in areas such as food, water, sanitation and energy.
The government debt burden as a percentage of GDP is continuously decreasing.
From here, a panoramic view of Sardar Sarovar Dam, its reservoir and Satpura and Vindiya mountain ranges can be seen.
He encouraged the young men to do new things so that their routine tasks and duties could be easier and safer.
This is a very big psychological battle.
In their interaction with the Prime Minister, the winners shared inspiring stories about the transformation of their schools into teaching and excellence centres.
Whether it is grandparents or grandparents, parents, sons and daughters, all three generations can do yoga together and upload pictures of her.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi was informed of the MoU between India and Italy for cooperation in the field of renewable energy.
In July this year, we have relaxed our FDI regime.
The Prime Minister visited the entire Smarak.
If the family always refuses the child and expects the adopter to respect the child, it is not possible.
The Prime Minister stressed that the youth of India honours Sardar Patel and his contribution to the nation-building.
His lifetime gives a glimpse of India as a whole.
He said that besides the banana sector, we should also think about the global competitiveness of the banana cultivation.
He also distributed PM-SYM Pension Card among the beneficiaries.
In terms of operational efficiency and high value added, any investor is also attracted by the vast domestic market, the availability of skilled workers and better physical infrastructure.
Over time, the popularity of these events grew.
The Indian community in Portugal has played a vital role in deepening our bilateral relations.
The Prime Minister laid the foundation stone of the Sewerage Network Project in Western Agra under the Amrits Yojana.
I am happy to announce that the State Government has declared June 19 as Reading Day.
The Prime Minister said that a quarter of the world's 500 largest companies are in the public sector of a country.
Abdullah appreciated India's continued support to Afghanistan in developing and capacity building Afghanistan's infrastructure.
He appealed to all those present to work towards 100 per cent sanitation coverage by the 150th birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi, 2 October 2019.
Our relations continue to move upwards.
It is the largest underground storage facility in the country.
I hope that the delegates from abroad will have some time to look at the history and pride of Delhi.
Culture and people - communication
He said that Kashi is now emerging as a health hub.
The presentation, based on energy and environment, included suggestions related to various energy sources and energy efficiency.
He will attend the ceremonies to mark one year of the State Government.
At the 22nd meeting today, the Prime Minister reviewed progress in resolving and resolving complaints related to the banking sector.
You have never had such an opportunity before in your life.
The Japanese government and the people there have shown great love for me and my country.
The Government is firmly committed to follow the path of fiscal consolidation.
Recognised trade unions will be held accountable for maintaining industrial harmony.
Similarly, the death of Sullagitti Narasimha of Karnataka was announced on 25th December.
He said that the Central Government attaches the highest importance to the development of East India.
People are having their say in both the pros and cons of this issue.
Congratulations to our junior hockey team on winning the Junior Hockey World Cup.
This movement should not be limited to literacy.
exchange by them
On World Toilet Day, we reaffirm our commitment to improving sanitation facilities across our country.
Since last month, they have started to speak the word in the regional languages immediately after the completion of My Man Ki Baat.
All major agencies like the International Monetary Fund, World Bank and Asian Development Bank (ADB) have forecast India's growth rate to be 7 to 8 per cent in the near future.
Speaking about Shri Pranab Mukherjee, he said, Pranab Da is an outstanding politician of our time.
The PM Relief Fund will provide assistance at the rate of Rs. 2 lakh to each family of deceased and Rs. 50,000 to the seriously injured person.
These are some examples of reform.
The authorities are working towards providing all possible assistance after the storm.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today attended the Cooperation Conference in New Delhi on the occasion of the birth centenary celebration of Shri Lakshmanrao Inamdar.
India is still one of the top FDI destinations in the world, according to the Global Investment Report of AnkTad.
I am happy that the younger generation is interested in learning about our history, our freedom fighters, those who sacrificed for this country, about them.
1. Exchange and training of physicians, officials, other health professionals and experts
The Prime Minister also paid tribute to the Prime Minister of Malaysia, Dr Mahathir Mohammed.
It has the potential to create a better society and a better nation.
This is changing the supply perspective;
I look forward to many more brilliant successes.
The Prime Minister said in a tweet that the Central Government has assured the Bihar Government of all possible assistance to deal with the flood situation and is closely monitoring the situation.
Recently, the beloved poet of our country, Neeraj Ji, left us.
India itself has been battling cross-border terrorism for decades.
He said that Shri Vajpayee was a great person who was loved and respected by all sections of society.
The other three terminals are under construction in Sahibganj, Haldia and Gazipur.
He said that Indian water cannot be allowed to go to Pakistan.
Calling for focus on preventive healthcare, the Prime Minister said that Swachh Bharat Mission is an important step in this direction.
He also outlined the steps taken to improve ease of access to the Internet.
The first 100 per cent literate city and the first 100 per cent literate district are from Kerala.
We are now globally integrated economy.
He said that this would eliminate intermediaries and save the government.
So I would like to know your thoughts on this current direction of education and its future.
Five companies of BSF, CISF, RAF have been deployed for relief and rescue work in the state.
He said that Gurudev Ravindra Nath Tagore is as much of Bangladesh as he is of India.
The progress of the National Optical Fiber Network was reviewed.
If these are among the youth of a country, then the country will not only advance in areas like economy, science and technology but also in sports.
He said that the Union Government aims to develop Northeast India as the gateway to Southeast Asia.
Social media is changing disaster response.
Secretary Carton informed the Prime Minister of progress towards decisions and discussions in June this year.
He laid the foundation stone of this institute in April 2015.
The world today is also facing the dual challenges of terrorism and climate change.
But we are in a free India.
It is a great honour to be the first Indian Prime Minister to visit this beautiful region of Sri Lanka.
I will be going to Haifa today to pay tribute to my brave soldiers.
At this time, the whole country stands with the people of the North East.
The aspirations of the people are being fulfilled at record speed with the capacity of the people.
I am very happy to attend the opening ceremony of Kochi Metro.
He also said that the Central Government makes decisions not for political gain but in the national interest.
The Prime Minister said that with the efforts of the Government, India has emerged as a shining star of the global economy.
On our part, we obviously want more Japanese investment.
The lack of intermediaries makes things very cheap.
He said that our universities need to move from traditional to innovative education.
Accepting the congratulations of the Anganwadi workers, the Prime Minister welcomed that they have come from all over the country to meet them.
I have shared a strong commitment with you to take our bilateral relations to a new level.
Our efforts are showing results in terms of economic growth and development.
On January 30th, we all pay tribute to the martyrs who gave their lives for the country by keeping a two minute silence at 11 am.
Speaking to the media at Ahmedabad Airport, the Prime Minister said Gujarat has experienced heavy rainfall in the past week.
Most of the beneficiaries said that their lives have improved significantly.
The Prime Minister gave detailed answers to various questions asked by the members of the delegation.
Today is the birth anniversary of Veer Savarkar Ji.
Now the incorporation of the company is a matter of one day.
Reviewing the coal sector, the Prime Minister stressed the need for innovative efforts through the use of up-to-date technology towards underground mining and gas from coal mines.
The Prime Minister participated in detailed and separate review meetings on flood situation in Assam, Arunachal Pradesh, Manipur and Nagaland throughout the day.
And so, brothers and sisters, it is essential to build faith in the minds of the common man of the country by removing the distortions in our system.
Today, cross-border transactions are on the rise due to e-commerce and increasing cross-border mobility of people.
This is not only the highest FDI ever but also the highest growth in India's FDI.
The Prime Minister appealed to the people to provide assistance in registering the unorganized sector workers working in the vicinity.
Dr. Abdul Kalam has been working to realize the dream of a developed India for his entire life.
We have fought hard against terrorism and extremism in our respective countries.
You speak one of the oldest living classical languages in the world.
My dear countrymen, greetings to all of you.
The sages have been revered for centuries since the time of the Upanishads.
Every Indian is proud that these three great men are from our country.
They also agreed to continue efforts to develop clean energy based systems, renewable energy and fuels, energy efficiency and pollution-free energy generation technologies.
The Prime Minister said he wanted to warn the nation that some elements are trying to put unnecessary pressure on the judiciary.
Emphasizing the importance of food processing, the Prime Minister said that the lack of infrastructure is a huge loss to the agricultural sector.
It is a joy to me that I, along with my partner and friend, President Ashraf Ghani of Afghanistan, have had the opportunity to jointly open this conference.
The Prime Minister said that the emphasis is on working at a fast pace on better infrastructure and spiritual connectivity for the entire North East region.
Similarly, social justice is also an important discipline goal.
5. Preparing the armed forces for the exchange of good facilities;
He changed not only his own fortunes but also those of his region through organized efforts.
The 16-year-old young player Tababi Devi is from a village in Manipur.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi today attended the Centennial Celebration of Sabarmati Ashram in Gujarat.
The UAE can benefit from joining the development of our manufacturing and service sector.
3. Short-term training of human resources in health
Whether it is relief and rescue work or disaster management, our Air Warriors are grateful to the Air Force for their admirable work.
The Prime Minister said that the Chief Ministers of the States have played a major role in policy-making through sub-groups and committees on issues like Swachh Bharat Mission, Digital Transactions and Skill Development.
The Government is also working towards the goal of having every person in the country have their own home by 2022.
His far-reaching policies in various fields touched the lives of every citizen of India.
Real-time monitoring of progress of nutrition results was discussed in this context, especially in the worst performing districts.
And therefore, the State Government is being generously assisted in enhancing infrastructure in the State.
He called GST a good and simple tax, meaning good and easy, which will ultimately benefit the people.
Our defence scientists have also made India proud.
My dear countrymen, greetings.
Now some people may say, why did you take only two years?
Identified areas of mutual cooperation include safe and sustainable infrastructure and integrated water management.
This purification, which is driven by the patience and resolve of 125 crore countrymen, will play a key role in shaping the direction of the country for many years to come.
If you send photos of the efforts of small children, then there is a story of team efforts of young people.
He said that the countries of the world are willing to walk the path of peace and stability with India.
The country is moving in the right direction at every moment.
The Prime Minister will also attend an exhibition held at Rajpath Lawn on the occasion.
The Prime Minister described the traditional, cultural, trust and friendly relations between India and Israel.
His calm attitude towards the game will certainly help the whole team.
Our domestic market is divided into pieces.
He did incredible work in the service of refugees in Delhi after the partition.
I would like to say that India and Brazil have finalized a bilateral investment agreement which I am happy about.
He specifically called for innovation approaches in areas like Skill Development and Tourism.
He expressed his happiness that the States are now hosting investor conferences.
In Port Blair, the Prime Minister paid tribute to the martyrs and visited the Seljular Jail.
This will result in increased competitiveness and impact of our marketing companies.
Today, everyone is joining in this campaign of Fit India.
Start-ups have been exempted from income tax payments for 3 years.
It is natural for everyone to be proud of this great tradition of India.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has prayed for the safety of all those affected by bad weather caused by Cyclone Varda.
In response to a question from a team working for the creation of rural digital entrepreneurship, the Prime Minister said that it is important to create an India where equal opportunities are available to all.
To continue our commitment to this area, I am pleased to announce the construction of an additional 10,000 houses in the subregional areas under this project.
Obviously, it will take a lot of effort to make it popular.
It is estimated that there are over two crore graduates of engineering and management in our country.
And even at a young age when I saw this, this situation has reached.
This will result in the expansion of health facilities which will create a large number of jobs.
When India is clean, healthy, India will also be prosperous.
You will be pleased to know that the productivity of Lok Sabha was 118% and Rajya Sabha was 74%.
This is the result of our fight against black money.
The Prime Minister said that sanitation or hygiene prevention is one of the most important aspects of healthcare.
Given the cultural importance of Jallikattu, the Prime Minister said that the case is currently pending before the court.
It will also increase mutual trust and trade.
Of these, one million are connected to the diamond industry alone.
I have countless memories with them.
